Video streaming |||  ||| Netflix Romania - Watch TV Shows Online, Watch Movies Online Netflix and third parties use cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about your browsing activities which we use to analyse your use of the website, to personalise our services and to customise our online advertisements. When your consent is required, you can accept, refuse or personalise your choices. You can also change your preferences at any time by clicking on “Cookie Preferences” in the footer of each page. Netflix supports the Digital Advertising Alliance Principles. Learn more about our use of cookies and information. Netflix and third parties use cookies (why?). You can change your cookie preferences. Questions? Call 0800-672-120 Netflix Romania Close Netflix Netflix Get Started chevron Netflix is a streaming service that offers a wide variety of award-winning TV shows, movies, anime, documentaries, and more on thousands of internet-connected devices.You can watch as much as you want, whenever you want without a single commercial – all for one low monthly price. There's always something new to discover and new TV shows and movies are added every week! Watch Netflix on your smartphone, tablet, Smart TV, laptop, or streaming device, all for one fixed monthly fee. Plans range from EUR7.99 to EUR11.99 a month. No extra costs, no contracts. Watch anywhere, anytime. Sign in with your Netflix account to watch instantly on the web at netflix.com from your personal computer or on any internet-connected device that offers the Netflix app, including smart TVs, smartphones, tablets, streaming media players and game consoles.You can also download your favorite shows with the iOS, Android, or Windows 10 app. Use downloads to watch while you're on the go and without an internet connection. Take Netflix with you anywhere. Netflix is flexible. There are no pesky contracts and no commitments. You can easily cancel your account online in two clicks. There are no cancellation fees – start or stop your account anytime. Netflix has an extensive library of feature films, documentaries, TV shows, anime, award-winning Netflix originals, and more. Watch as much as you want, anytime you want. The Netflix Kids experience is included in your membership to give parents control while kids enjoy family-friendly TV shows and movies in their own space.Kids profiles come with PIN-protected parental controls that let you restrict the maturity rating of content kids can watch and block specific titles you don’t want kids to see. Get Started chevron FAQ Help Center Account Media Center Investor Relations Jobs Ways to Watch Terms of Use Privacy Cookie Preferences Corporate Information Contact Us Speed Test Legal Notices Only on Netflix Select Language System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| What is Netflix? Netflix is a subscription-based streaming service that allows our members to watch TV shows and movies without commercials on an internet-connected device. You can also download TV shows and movies to your iOS, Android, or Windows 10 device and watch without an internet connection. If you&#x27;re already a member and would like to learn more about using Netflix, visit Getting started with Netflix. Netflix content varies by region and may change over time. You can watch from a wide variety of award-winning Netflix Originals, TV shows, movies, documentaries, and more. The more you watch, the better Netflix gets at recommending TV shows and movies we think you’ll enjoy. You can watch Netflix through any internet-connected device that offers the Netflix app, including smart TVs, game consoles, streaming media players, set-top boxes, smartphones, and tablets. You can also watch Netflix on your computer using an internet browser. You can review the system requirements for web browser compatibility, and check our internet speed recommendations to achieve the best performance. Need help getting set up? Search our Help Center for the manufacturer of the device you&#x27;re using. Each Netflix plan determines the number of devices you can watch Netflix on at the same time and if you prefer to view in Standard Definition (SD), High Definition (HD), or Ultra High Definition (UHD). Compare our plans and pricing to decide which one is right for you. You can easily change your plan or cancel online at any time. Follow these easy steps to start watching Netflix today: Visit netflix.com/signup. Choose the plan that’s right for you. Create an account by entering your email address and creating a password. Enter a payment method. As a Netflix member, you are charged once a month on the date you signed up. That&#x27;s it. Enjoy Netflix! Netflix uses cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about your browsing activities which we use to analyse your use of the website. Learn more about our use of cookies and your information. Netflix uses essential and performance   functionality cookies (why?). You can change (your cookie preferences). System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  |||  Netflix provides a personalized subscription service that allows our members to access entertainment content (&quot;Netflix content&quot;) over the Internet on certain Internet-connected TVs, computers and other devices (&quot;Netflix ready devices&quot;). These Terms of Use govern your use of our service. As used in these Terms of Use, &quot;Netflix service&quot;, &quot;our service&quot; or &quot;the service&quot; means the personalized service provided by Netflix for discovering and accessing Netflix content, including all features and functionalities, recommendations and reviews, our websites, and user interfaces, as well as all content and software associated with our service. Membership 1.1. Your Netflix membership will continue until terminated. To use the Netflix service you must have Internet access and a Netflix ready device, and provide us with one or more Payment Methods. &quot;Payment Method&quot; means a current, valid, accepted method of payment, as may be updated from time to time, and which may include payment through your account with a third party. Unless you cancel your membership before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the membership fee for the next billing cycle to your Payment Method (see &quot;Cancellation&quot; below). 1.2. We may offer a number of membership plans, including memberships offered by third parties in conjunction with the provision of their own products and services. Some membership plans may have differing conditions and limitations, which will be disclosed at your sign-up or in other communications made available to you. You can find specific details regarding your Netflix membership by visiting the netflix.com website and clicking on the &quot;Account&quot; link available at the top of the pages under your profile name. Promotional Offers. We may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or memberships (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Netflix at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to revoke an Offer and put your account on hold in the event that we determine you are not eligible. Members of households with an existing or recent Netflix membership may not be eligible for certain introductory Offers. We may use information such as device ID, method of payment or an account email address used with an existing or recent Netflix membership to determine Offer eligibility. The eligibility requirements and other limitations and conditions will be disclosed when you sign-up for the Offer or in other communications made available to you. Billing and Cancellation 3.1. Billing Cycle. The membership fee for the Netflix service will be charged to your Payment Method on the specific payment date indicated on the &quot;Account&quot; page. The length of your billing cycle will depend on the type of subscription that you choose when you signed up for the service. In some cases your payment date may change, for example if your Payment Method has not successfully settled, when you change your subscription plan or if your paid membership began on a day not contained in a given month. Visit the netflix.com website and click on the &quot;Billing details&quot; link on the &quot;Account&quot; page to see your next payment date. If you signed up for Netflix using your account with a third party as a Payment Method, you can find the billing information about your Netflix membership by visiting your account with the applicable third party. 3.2. Payment Methods. To use the Netflix service you must provide one or more Payment Methods. You authorize us to charge any Payment Method associated to your account in case your primary Payment Method is declined or no longer available to us for payment of your subscription fee. You remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid Payment Method. For some Payment Methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your Payment Method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the Payment Method used. Check with your Payment Method service provider for details. 3.3. Updating your Payment Methods. You can update your Payment Methods by going to the &quot;Account&quot; page. We may also update your Payment Methods using information provided by the payment service providers. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable Payment Method(s). 3.4. Cancellation. You can cancel your Netflix membership at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Netflix service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial membership periods or unused Netflix content. To cancel, go to the &quot;Account&quot; page and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you cancel your membership, your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period. To see when your account will close, click &quot;Billing details&quot; on the &quot;Account&quot; page. If you signed up for Netflix using your account with a third party as a Payment Method and wish to cancel your Netflix membership, you may need to do so through such third party, for example by visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning off auto-renew, or unsubscribing from the Netflix service through that third party. 3.5. Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans. We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you. Netflix Service 4.1. You must be at least 18 years of age to become a member of the Netflix service. Minors may only use the service under the supervision of an adult. 4.2. The Netflix service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond your household. During your Netflix membership we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access the Netflix service and Netflix content. Except for the foregoing, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. You agree not to use the service for public performances.4.3. You may access the Netflix content primarily within the country in which you have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer our service and have licensed such content. The content that may be available will vary by geographic location and will change from time to time. The number of devices on which you may simultaneously watch depends on your chosen subscription plan and is specified on the &quot;Account&quot; page.4.4. The Netflix service, including the content library, is regularly updated. In addition, we continually test various aspects of our service, including our websites, user interfaces, promotional features and availability of Netflix content. You can turn off test participation at any time by visiting the &quot;Account&quot; page and changing the &quot;Test participation&quot; settings. 4.5. Some Netflix content is available for temporary download and offline viewing on certain supported devices (&quot;Offline Titles&quot;). Limitations apply, including restrictions on the number of Offline Titles per account, the maximum number of devices that can contain Offline Titles, the time period within which you will need to begin viewing Offline Titles and how long the Offline Titles will remain accessible. Some Offline Titles may not be playable in certain countries and if you go online in a country where you would not be able to stream that Offline Title, the Offline Title will not be playable while you are in that country. 4.6. You agree not to archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use (except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use) content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Netflix service. You also agree not to: circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections in the Netflix service; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Netflix service; decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Netflix service; insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Netflix service in any way; or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method. In addition, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Netflix service, including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs. We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service. 4.7. The quality of the display of the Netflix content may vary from device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your Internet connection. HD, Ultra HD and HDR availability is subject to your Internet service and device capabilities. Not all content is available in all formats, such as HD, Ultra HD and HDR, and not all subscription plans allow you to receive content in all formats. Default playback settings on cellular networks exclude HD, Ultra HD and HDR content. The minimum connection speed for SD quality is 1.0 Mbps; however, we recommend a faster connection for improved video quality. A download speed of at least 3.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive HD content (defined as a resolution of 720p or higher). A download speed of at least 15.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive Ultra HD (defined as a resolution of 4K or higher). You are responsible for all Internet access charges. Please check with your Internet provider for information on possible Internet data usage charges. The time it takes to begin watching Netflix content will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the content you have selected and the configuration of your Netflix ready device. 4.8. Netflix software is developed by, or for, Netflix and may solely be used for authorized streaming and to access Netflix content through Netflix ready devices. This software may vary by device and medium, and functionalities and features may also differ between devices. You acknowledge that the use of the service may require third party software that is subject to third party licenses. You agree that you may automatically receive updated versions of the Netflix software and related third-party software. Passwords and Account Access. The member who created the Netflix account and whose Payment Method is charged (the &quot;Account Owner&quot;) is responsible for any activity that occurs through the Netflix account. To maintain control over the account and to prevent anyone from accessing the account (which would include information on viewing history for the account), the Account Owner should maintain control over the Netflix ready devices that are used to access the service and not reveal the password or details of the Payment Method associated with the account to anyone. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account. We can terminate your account or place your account on hold in order to protect you, Netflix or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity. Miscellaneous 6.1. Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. These terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your country of residence. 6.2. Unsolicited Materials. Netflix does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for Netflix content, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to Netflix. 6.3. Customer Support. To find more information about our service and its features or if you need assistance with your account, please visit the Netflix Help Center, which is accessible through the netflix.com website. In certain instances, Customer Service may best be able to assist you by using a remote access support tool through which we have full access to your computer. If you do not want us to have this access, you should not consent to support through the remote access tool, and we will assist you through other means. 6.4. Survival. If any provision or provisions of these Terms of Use shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. 6.5. Changes to Terms of Use. Netflix may, from time to time, change these Terms of Use. We will notify you at least 30 days before such changes apply to you. 6.6. Electronic Communications. We will send you information relating to your account (e.g. payment authorizations, invoices, changes in password or Payment Method, confirmation messages, notices) in electronic form only, for example via emails to your email address provided during registration. Last Updated: January 1, 2022 Netflix uses cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about your browsing activities which we use to analyse your use of the website. Learn more about our use of cookies and your information. Netflix uses essential and performance   functionality cookies (why?). You can change (your cookie preferences). Print Billing Cycle. Payment Methods. Updating your Payment Methods. Cancellation. Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans. Governing Law. Unsolicited Materials. Customer Support. Survival. Changes to Terms of Use. Electronic Communications. System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  |||  Netflix serves members in many different countries. The Netflix entity that provides you with access to the Netflix service depends on your country of membership, and will be listed in your membership or payment confirmation email. The Netflix entity/entities that qualify as your data controller are listed in your local privacy statement. Netflix, Inc.100 Winchester CircleLos Gatos, CA 95032, USA Netflix International B.V.Karperstraat 8-101075 KZ Amsterdam, the NetherlandsKvK: 62266519VAT: NL853746333B01Share Capital: 12,500 Euros Netflix Entretenimento Brasil, Ltda.Alameda Xingu, 350 - 14º andar - Alphaville IndustrialBarueri, CEP 06455-911 - SP - BrazilCNPJ: ​13.590.585/0002-70 Netflix Entertainment Services India LLPLevel 11, Godrej BKC, Plot C-68G Block, BKC- Bandra (East)Mumbai 400051, India Netflix G.K.Tokyo Midtown East 3F9-7-2 AkasakaMinato-kuTokyo 107-0052 Japan Netflix Services Korea Ltd.20F, Tower A, Centropolis Building26, Ujeongguk-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, 03161, Republic of Korea Netflix Services UK Limited 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JACompany No (Registration): 9091899 Income Tax Registration No.: 623 25810 01805 A Netflix Pte. Ltd.9 Straits View, Marina One West Tower #14-07/12, Singapore 018937 Registration ID No. 201531197W Netflix Services France S.A.S. 11 Place Édouard VII, 75009 Paris, France Business Number: 843 655 549 RCS Paris Netflix Servicios de Transmisión España, S.L.Paseo de la Castellana 89, 28046 Madrid, Spain VAT/NIF number B88182514 Netflix México S. de R.L. de C.V.Paseo de la Reforma 483, Piso 37, Col. Cuauhtémoc, Cuauhtémoc, CDMX, CP 06500Registration No.: 112483 RFC (tax ID): NME110513P13 Netflix Australia Pty Ltd.Level 19, 181 William StreetMelbourne VIC 3000, Australia Netflix Services Germany GmbHFriedrichstraße 8810117, Berlin, Germany Netflix Services Italy S.R.L. Via Boncompagni no. 8-10, Villino Rattazzi 00187, Rome, Italy Netflix Services Canada ULC1200 Waterfront Centre, 200 Burrard St Vancouver BC V7X 1T2, Canada Last Updated: January 1, 2022 Netflix uses cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about your browsing activities which we use to analyse your use of the website. Learn more about our use of cookies and your information. Netflix uses essential and performance   functionality cookies (why?). You can change (your cookie preferences). Print System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  |||  This Privacy Statement explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information in connection with the Netflix service. If you have general questions about your account or how to contact customer service for assistance, please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com. For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com. The data controller of your personal information is Netflix International B.V. (www.netflix.com/legal/corpinfo) Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request. We receive and store information about you such as: Information you provide to us: We collect information you provide to us which includes: your name, email address, payment method(s), telephone number, and other identifiers you might use (such as an in-game name). We collect this information in a number of ways, including when you enter it while using our service, interact with our customer service, or participate in surveys or marketing promotions; information when you choose to provide ratings, taste preferences, account settings (including preferences set in the &quot;Account&quot; section of our website), or otherwise provide information to us through our service or elsewhere. Information we collect automatically: We collect information about you and your use of our service, your interactions with us and our advertising, as well as information regarding your network, network devices, and your computer or other Netflix capable devices you might use to access our service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices). This information includes: your activity on the Netflix service, such as title selections, shows you have watched, search queries, and activity in Netflix games; your interactions with our emails and texts, and with our messages through push and online messaging channels; details of your interactions with our customer service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings; device IDs or other unique identifiers, including for your network devices, and devices that are Netflix capable on your Wi-Fi network; resettable device identifiers (also known as advertising identifiers), such as those on mobile devices, tablets, and streaming media devices that include such identifiers (see the &quot;Cookies and Internet Advertising&quot; section below for more information); device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information including type (wifi, cellular), statistics on page views, referring source (for example, referral URLs), IP address (which may tell us your general location), browser and standard web server log information; information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad data (such as information on the availability and delivery of ads, the site URL, as well as the date and time). (See our &quot;Cookies and Internet Advertising&quot; section for more details.) Information from partners: We collect information from other companies with whom you have a relationship (“Partners”). These Partners might include (depending on what services you use): your TV or internet service provider, or other streaming media device providers who make our service available on their device; mobile phone carriers or other companies who provide services to you and collect payment for the Netflix service for distribution to us or provide pre-paid promotions for the Netflix service; and voice assistant platform providers who enable interaction with our service through voice commands. The information Partners provide us varies depending on the nature of the Partner services, and may include: search queries and commands applicable to Netflix that you make through Partner devices or voice assistant platforms; service activation information such as your email address or other contact information; IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, as well as associated pre-paid promotion, billing and user interface information, that support user authentication, the Netflix service registration experience, Partner payment processing, and the presentation of Netflix content to you through portions of the Partner user interface. Information from other sources: We also obtain information from other sources. We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These sources vary over time, but could include: service providers that help us determine a location based on your IP address in order to customize our service and for other uses consistent with this Privacy Statement; security service providers who provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Netflix accounts; payment service providers who provide us with payment or balance information, or updates to that information, based on their relationship with you; online and offline data providers, from which we obtain aggregated demographic, interest based and online advertising related data; publicly-available sources such as publicly available posts on social media platforms and information available through public databases associating IP addresses with internet service providers (ISPs); third party services that you are signed into and that provide functions within Netflix games, such as multiplayer gameplay, leaderboards, and game saving options. We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts, to manage member referrals, to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. For example, we use such information to: determine your general geographic location, provide localized content, provide you with customized and personalized viewing recommendations for movies and TV shows we think will be of interest to you, determine your ISP to support network troubleshooting for you (we also use aggregated ISP information for operational and business purposes), and help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests; coordinate with Partners on making the Netflix service available to members and providing information to non members about the availability of the Netflix service, based on the specific relationship you have with the Partner; secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Netflix accounts; prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and to enforce our terms (such as determining whether and for which Netflix signup offers you are eligible and determining whether a particular device is permitted to use the account consistent with our Terms of Use); analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences and service performance) and optimize content selection, recommendation algorithms and delivery; communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you news about Netflix, details about new features and content available on Netflix, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys, and to assist you with operational requests such as password reset requests. These communications may be by various methods, such as email, push notifications, text message, online messaging channels, and matched identifier communications (described below). Please see the &quot;Your Choices&quot; section of this Privacy Statement to learn how to set or change your communications preferences and to learn more about matched identifier communications. Our recommendations system strives to predict what you will be in the mood to watch when you log in. However, our recommendations system does not infer or attach socio-demographic information (like gender or race) to you. We have a Help article that explains how our recommendations system works - spoilers: the biggest driver of recommendations is what you actually choose to watch through our service. You can read the article at www.netflix.com/recommendations. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and use it. We will normally collect personal information from you where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (for example, to provide our services to you), where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms (for example, our direct marketing activities in accordance with your preferences), or where we have your consent to do so (for example, for you to participate in certain consumer insights activities like specific surveys and focus groups). In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, to prevent payment fraud or confirm your identity). Please visit our Help center article at www.netflix.com/uk-eea-legalbases for more information about this topic. For questions about our use of your personal information (including legal bases and transfer mechanisms we rely on), cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com. Please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com for more information about these topics. We disclose your information for certain purposes and to third parties, as described below: The Netflix family of companies: We share your information among the Netflix family of companies (help.netflix.com/legal/corpinfo) as needed for: providing you with access to our services; providing customer support; making decisions about service improvements; content development; and for other purposes described in the Use of Information section of this Privacy Statement. Service Providers: We use other companies, agents or contractors (&quot;Service Providers&quot;) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you. For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance data (including data about users&#x27; interactions with our service), and to process and administer consumer surveys. In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other information. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services (which includes maintaining and improving their services). Partners: As described above, you may have a relationship with one or more of our Partners, in which case we may share certain information with them in order to coordinate with them on providing the Netflix service to members and providing information about the availability of the Netflix service. For example, depending on what Partner services you use, we may share information: in order to facilitate Partner pre-paid promotions or collection of payment for the Netflix service for distribution to us; with Partners who operate voice assistant platforms that allow you to interact with our service using voice commands; so that content and features available in the Netflix service can be suggested to you in the Partner’s user interface. For members, these suggestions are part of the Netflix service and may include customized and personalized viewing recommendations. Promotional offers: We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for your participation, will require us to share your information with third parties. In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive. Please note that these third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices. Protection of Netflix and others: Netflix and its Service Providers may disclose and otherwise use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities (including payment fraud), security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law. Business transfers: In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we will transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement. Whenever in the course of sharing information we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area and other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. Specifically, we use a variety of contractual, organizational and technical protections as appropriate for such transfers, including data protection agreements/standard contractual clauses (available for review here); technical protections such as encryption, and practices to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests. You may also choose to disclose your information in the following ways: certain portions of our service may contain a tool which gives you the option to share information by email, text message and social or other sharing applications, using the clients and applications on your smart device; social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information; and through Netflix game features, such as multiplayer options and leaderboards. Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. Similarly, some of the Netflix game features mentioned above (such as multiplayer gameplay, leaderboards, and game saving options) may require use of a third-party service, which is subject to that service’s terms of use and privacy policy. “Remember me” function: For ease of access to your account, you can use the &quot;Remember me on this device&quot; function when you log in to the website. This function uses technology that enables us to provide direct account access and to help administer the Netflix service without requiring reentry of any password or other user identification when your browser revisits the service. Giving others access to your account: If you share or otherwise allow others to have access to your account, they will be able to see shows you have watched, ratings, account information (including your email address or other information in the &quot;Account&quot; area of our website), and game related information (such as your in-game name and saved game progress). This remains true even if you use our profiles feature. You might have the option to use seamless account login through the Netflix mobile app, which enables login to the Netflix app on smart TVs, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices on the Wi-Fi network to which you are connected. If you use that feature, those devices will remain signed into your account unless you later log out of those devices. Profiles: Profiles allow users to have a distinct, personalized Netflix experience, built around the movies and shows of interest to them, as well as separate watch histories. Please note that profiles are available to everyone who uses your Netflix account, so that anyone with access to your Netflix account can navigate to and use, edit or delete profiles. You should explain this to others with access to your account, and if you do not wish them to use or change your profile, be sure to let them know. Profile users may be offered the opportunity to add an email address, phone number or other information to the profile and will be provided with notice of collection and use at the time such information is requested (the Profile Privacy Notice applies (help.netflix.com/legal/profileprivacy)). We have various parental controls available, you can learn more by reading our Help article located at https://help.netflix.com/node/264. Removing device access to your Netflix account: To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices, visit the &quot;Account&quot; section of our website, choose &quot;Sign out of all devices,&quot; and follow the instructions to deactivate your devices (note, deactivation may not occur immediately). Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log out and deactivate the device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information. Email and Text Messages. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email or text message, simply access the &quot;Communications Settings&quot; option in the &quot;Account&quot; section of our website and uncheck those items to unsubscribe. Alternatively, click the &quot;unsubscribe&quot; link in the email or reply STOP (or as otherwise instructed) to the text message. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related correspondence from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions. Push Notifications. You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Netflix. On some device operating systems, you will be automatically enrolled in the notifications. If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device&#x27;s settings functionality to turn them off. We also offer push notifications on certain web browsers. If you agree to receive those notifications and subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your browser’s settings to turn them off. WhatsApp. If you have enabled WhatsApp messages in connection with your Netflix account or profile and no longer wish to receive them, you can use your WhatsApp app settings to block them. Interest-Based Ads. Interest-based ads are online ads that are tailored to your likely interests based on your use of various apps and websites across the Internet. If you are using a browser, then cookies and web beacons can be used to collect information to help determine your likely interests. If you are using a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device that includes a resettable device identifier, then that identifier can be used to help determine your likely interests. For your choices about interest-based ads from Netflix, please see the &quot;Cookies and Internet Advertising&quot; section (below). Matched Identifier Communications. Some third party sites and apps allow us to reach our users with online promotions about our titles and services by sending a privacy protective identifier to the third party. A privacy protective identifier means we convert the original information (such as an email address or phone number) into a value to keep the original information from being revealed. The third party compares the privacy protective identifier to identifiers in its database and there will be a match only if you have used the same identifier (such as an email address) with Netflix and the third party. If there is a match, Netflix can then choose whether or not to send a given promotional communication to you on that third party site or app, and can optimize and better measure the effectiveness of online advertising. You can opt out in the “Marketing Communications” section of the “Account” section of our website. You can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You may also request that we delete personal information that we hold about you. When you visit the &quot;Account&quot; portion of our website, where you have the ability to access and update a broad range of information about your account, including your contact information, your Netflix payment information, and various related information about your account (such as the content you have viewed and rated). You must be signed in to access the &quot;Account&quot; section. If you are the account owner, to download a copy of your personal information go to: www.netflix.com/account/getmyinfo (you must be signed in to access the &quot;Account&quot; section), and follow the instructions. For other requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at privacy@netflix.com. For more information about how to access your information, including our verification process, please reference this help article: help.netflix.com/node/100624. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information; if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time; withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. For information on how to stop certain uses of your personal information, please reference this help article: help.netflix.com/node/100637. Please also see the &quot;Your Choices&quot; section of this Privacy Statement (above) for additional choices regarding your information. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Our main establishment within the European Union is in the Netherlands. Please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com for more information about these topics. Retention of information: We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to honor your choices, for our billing or records purposes and to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Specifically, we retain information for our legitimate interests and essential business purposes, such as operating, maintaining and improving our services; complying with our legal obligations; and exercising our legal rights and remedies, including enforcing our terms of use. Our retention of information is based on many factors such as your relationship with Netflix (for example, are you a Netflix current member); the nature of the information; compliance with our legal obligations; defending or resolving actual or anticipated legal claims. We take reasonable measures to destroy or de-identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required. For information about deletion, removal and retention of information, please reference this help article: help.netflix.com/node/100625. We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information. The Netflix service may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service. You must be at least 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service. Minors may only use the service with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian. We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with law. Your continued use of the Netflix service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes. If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, you may cancel your use of the Netflix service. To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the &quot;Last Updated&quot; section below. We and our Service Providers use cookies and other technologies (such as web beacons), as well as resettable device identifiers, for various reasons. We want you to be informed about our use of these technologies, so this section explains the types of technologies we use, what they do, and your choices regarding their use. Cookies and similar technologies, web beacons, and resettable device identifiers Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services. We use other technologies such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, and WebSQL). Like cookies, these other technologies may store small amounts of data on your device. Web beacons (also known as clear gifs or pixel tags) often work in conjunction with cookies. In many cases, declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of web beacons associated with those cookies. If you use the Netflix app on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device, we may collect a resettable device identifier from your device. Resettable device identifiers (also known as advertising identifiers) are similar to cookies and are found on many mobile devices and tablets (for example, the &quot;Identifier for Advertisers&quot; (or IDFA) on Apple iOS devices and the &quot;Google Advertising ID&quot; on Android devices), and certain streaming media devices. Like cookies, resettable device identifiers are used to make online advertising more relevant and for analytics and optimization purposes. Why does Netflix use these technologies? We use these types of technologies for various reasons, like making it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return; to provide, analyze, understand and enhance the use of our services; to enforce our terms, prevent fraud; to improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site; and to deliver and tailor our marketing or advertising, and to understand interactions with our emails, marketing, and online ads on third party sites. To help you better understand how we use cookies and resettable device identifiers, please see the information below: Essential cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide our website or online service. For example, we and our Service Providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify our members when they use our websites and applications so we can provide our service to them. They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain the security of our service. Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies help us to customize and enhance your online experience with Netflix. For example, they help us to remember your preferences and prevent you from needing to re-enter information you previously provided (for example, during member sign up). We also use these cookies to collect information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-through and other information) about our visitors&#x27; use of the Netflix service so that we can enhance and personalize our website and service and conduct market research. Deletion of these types of cookies may result in limited functionality of our service. Advertising cookies and resettable device identifiers: These cookies and resettable device identifiers use information about your use of this and other websites and apps, your response to ads and emails, and to deliver ads that are more relevant to you and for analytics and optimization purposes. These types of ads are called &quot;interest-based advertising.&quot; The advertising cookies associated with our service belong to our Service Providers. In connection with our use of these technologies, some of the websites and apps where we advertise, as well as advertising technology companies that we use to purchase, deliver, optimize, and/or measure our advertisements (collectively “Advertising Partners”), may receive limited information from us as part of our campaign targeting, measurement, and optimization (e.g., steps completed in sign-up and site visit or app open/install information). Common uses of this type of information are to judge the effectiveness of and optimize ad campaigns, by allowing Advertising Partners to see when someone who saw an ad later signed up for our service. Another common use is to make sure we do not serve ads trying to get individuals to sign up for the Netflix service if they are already a Netflix user. Netflix uses contractual and technical measures designed to prevent Advertising Partners from accessing information regarding specific title selections you make, URLs you land on, or shows you have watched on our service. We do not share information about title selections or your shows you have watched on our service. How can I exercise choice regarding these technologies? To exercise choice regarding cookies For more information about cookies set through our website, as well as other types of online tracking (including the collection of information by third parties about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services for online interest based advertising), and to exercise choices regarding them, click here. At this time, we do not respond to web browser &quot;do not track&quot; signals. To exercise choice regarding resettable device identifiers To opt out of interest-based ads from Netflix in connection with a resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device (usually found under &quot;privacy&quot; or &quot;ads&quot; in your device&#x27;s settings). You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be tailored to your likely interests. To exercise choice using self-regulatory program resources Netflix supports the following self-regulatory programs, which provide additional privacy choices for interest-based advertising: In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) To exercise choice regarding other technologies There are a number of ways to exercise choice regarding technologies that are similar to cookies, such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, and WebSQL). For example, many popular browsers provide the ability to clear browser storage, commonly in the settings or preferences area; see your browser&#x27;s help function or support area to learn more. Other technologies, such as Silverlight storage, may be cleared from within the application. To see the prior version of this document, please go to www.netflix.com/privacyupdates. Last Updated: May 16, 2022 Netflix uses cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about your browsing activities which we use to analyse your use of the website. Learn more about our use of cookies and your information. Netflix uses essential and performance   functionality cookies (why?). You can change (your cookie preferences). Print Cookies and Internet Advertising To exercise choice regarding cookies System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| Hulu To get the best possible experience on Hulu we recommend you that you upgrade your browser. Just click on an icon to get to the download page. Internet Explorer Chrome Firefox System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| Welcome to Prime Video We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences, and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements. If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping and browsing experience across Prime Video as described in our Cookie Notice. This includes using first and third party cookies which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click &quot;Customise Cookies&quot; to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Prime Video Watch History), please visit our Privacy Notice. Enjoy exclusive Amazon Originals as well as popular movies and TV shows for RON 13.99/month. Watch now, cancel anytime. Sign up risk free. Cancel your Amazon Prime Video membership anytime. Watch The Grand Tour, award-winning Amazon Originals such as The Man in the High Castle and Mozart in the Jungle, as well as popular movies and TV shows, with all titles available to download. Enjoy from the web or with the Prime Video app on your phone, tablet, or select Smart TVs — on up to 3 devices at once. Watch offline on the Prime Video app when you download titles to your iPhone, iPad, Tablet, or Android device. Control data usage while downloading and watching videos on select phones or tablets. Terms and Privacy NoticeCookie NoticeSend us feedbackHelp © 1996-2022, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates EN Sign InAccount MenuSign InWebsite Language - EN Sign In Sign In Account Menu We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences, and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements.If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping and browsing experience across Prime Video as described in our Cookie Notice. This includes using first and third party cookies which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click &quot;Customise Cookies&quot; to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Prime Video Watch History), please visit our Privacy Notice.Accept Cookies|Customize Cookies | Start your free trial Start your free trial Start your free trial Terms and Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Send us feedback Help © 1996-2022, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| Prime Video: Help We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences, and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements. If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping and browsing experience across Prime Video as described in our Cookie Notice. This includes using first and third party cookies which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click &quot;Customise Cookies&quot; to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Prime Video Watch History), please visit our Privacy Notice. Your Amazon Prime Video service provider, the terms applicable to your use of the Amazon Prime Video services, and your primary website for the Amazon Prime Video service ("Video Marketplace") depend on your location, as noted below. Your use of other Prime benefits and Amazon services are governed by separate terms, which are available to you in the apps, websites or devices you use to access those services. Australia If Prime Video is accessed through an Amazon Prime membership or for purchases and rentals through Prime Video: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon Commercial Services Pty Ltd ABN 30 616 935 623 Level 37, 2 Park Street Sydney NSW 2000 All other customers in Australia: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon.com Services LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: Brazil If Prime Video is accessed through an Amazon Prime membership or for purchases and rentals through Prime Video: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon Servi&ccedil;os de Varejo do Brasil Ltda. Av. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E, 18o andar 04543-000 S&atilde;o Paulo- SP All other customers in Brazil: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon.com Services LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Canada Service Provider and Notice Address: Amazon.com.ca. Inc. 40 King Street West, 47th Floor Toronto, ON M5H 3Y2 Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: European Union Service Provider and Notice Address: EU Seller of Record (excluding Germany/Austria) and EU media service provider for Prime Video video on demand: Amazon Digital UK Ltd 1 Principal Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA Company registered number: 6528297 Seller of Record for Germany   Austria and EU media service provider for Prime Video`s linear broadcasts: Amazon Digital Germany GmbH Domagkstra&szlig;e 28, 80807 M&uuml;nchen, Deutschland Eingetragen in M&uuml;nchen, Deutschland, Handelsregister Nummer: HR B 181149 Imprint/Impressum Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: Japan Service Provider and Notice Address: Amazon.com Sales, Inc. 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: India Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon Seller Services Private Limited Ground Floor Eros Plaza, Eros Corporate Tower Nehru Place New Delhi 110019 Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia If Prime Video is accessed through an Amazon Prime membership: Service Provider and Contact Information: Afaq Q Tech General Trading Co. C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 3135 Al Imam Saud Ibn Abdulaziz Rd - King Fahd Dist, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia All other customers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon.com Services LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: Mexico If Prime Video is accessed through an Amazon Prime membership or for purchases and rentals through Prime Video: Service Provider and Contact Information: Servicios Comerciales Amazon M&eacute;xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Boulevard Manuel &Aacute;vila Camacho 261, Piso 5 Colonia Polanco C.P. 11510 Alcald&iacute;a Miguel Hidalgo Ciudad de M&eacute;xico, M&eacute;xico All other customers in Mexico: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon.com Services LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: Singapore If Prime Video is accessed through an Amazon Prime membership: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon Asia-Pacific Holdings Private Limited 23 Church Street Capital Square Building, 10th Floor Singapore 049481 All other customers in Singapore: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon.com Services LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: Turkey If Prime Video is accessed through an Amazon Prime membership: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon Turkey Perakende Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi Esentepe Mah. Bahar Sok. No.13 52 Şişli, İstanbul All other customers in Turkey: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon Turkey Video Dijital Yayıncılık Anonim Şirketi Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. &Ouml;zdilek River Plaza Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13 52 Şişli, Istanbul Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: United Arab Emirates If Prime Video is accessed through an Amazon Prime membership: Service Provider and Contact Information: Souq.com FZ LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department Dubai Properties Headquarters Zone C,&nbsp;&nbsp;3rd&nbsp;&nbsp;Floor Dubai, United Arab Emirates All other customers in the United Arab Emirates: Service Provider and Contact Information: Amazon.com Services LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace: United Kingdom, each country within Europe (excluding the European Union), Armenia, Aruba, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Comoros, Curacao, Georgia, Greenland, Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro, Russia, Saint Lucia, Saint Martin, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, St. Kitts and Nevis and Wallis and Futuna. Service Provider and Notice Address: Amazon Digital UK Ltd 1 Principal Place Worship Street London EC2A 2FA Company Registered Number: 6528297 Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace (by location): United States and all other countries not listed above Service Provider and Notice Address: Amazon.com Services LLC C/O Amazon.com Attn: Legal Department 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210, U.S.A. Applicable Terms and Legal Notices: Video Marketplace (by location): EN Sign InAccount MenuSign InWebsite Language - EN Sign In Sign In Account Menu We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences, and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements.If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping and browsing experience across Prime Video as described in our Cookie Notice. This includes using first and third party cookies which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click &quot;Customise Cookies&quot; to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Prime Video Watch History), please visit our Privacy Notice.Accept Cookies|Customize Cookies | Australia Brazil Canada European Union Japan India Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Mexico Singapore Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom, each country within Europe (excluding the European Union) and other surrounding countries and territories United States and all other countries and territories Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Conditions of Use and Sale Privacy Notice Cookies   Internet Advertising Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.primevideo.com www.primevideo.com Termos de Uso do Amazon Prime Video Regras de Utiliza&ccedil;&atilde;o do Amazon Prime Video Condi&ccedil;&otilde;es de Uso Notifica&ccedil;&atilde;o de Privacidade An&uacute;ncios baseados em interesses Termos de Servi&ccedil;o do Twitch (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Termos de Servi&ccedil;o do Twitch Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Policy Interest-Based Ads Policy Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.amazon.ca www.amazon.ca Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Condition of Use   Sale (by location: Germany, Austria, Belgium and Luxembourg; France; Italy; Spain; Netherlands; all other EU countries) Privacy Notice (by location: Germany, Austria, Belgium and Luxembourg; France; Italy; Spain; Netherlands; all other EU countries) Cookies Notice Interest-Based Ads Notice (by location: Germany, Austria, Belgium and Luxembourg; France; Italy; Spain; Netherlands) Information on selection, sorting and arrangement of content (Germany only) Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.amazon.de (Germany/Austria) www.amazon.de www.primevideo.com (rest of EU) www.primevideo.com Amazon Prime Video 利用規約 Amazon Prime Video 使用規則 利用規約 プライバシー規約 パーソナライズド広告規約 Twitchサービス利用規約 (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitchサービス利用規約 NHKオンデマンド規約 (if you use any NHK On Demand service provided by NHK) www.amazon.co.jp www.amazon.co.jp Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Conditions of Use   Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Interest-Based Ads Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service Report a Content Grievance www.amazon.in www.amazon.in Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Interest-Based Ads Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.primevideo.com www.primevideo.com Condiciones de Uso de Amazon Prime Video Reglas de Uso de Amazon Prime Video Condiciones de Uso Aviso de privacidad de Amazon.com.mx Condiciones del Servicio Twitch Prime (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Condiciones del Servicio Twitch Prime www.amazon.com.mx www.amazon.com.mx www.primevideo.com www.primevideo.com Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Condition of Use   Sale Condition of Use   Sale Privacy Notice Privacy Notice Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.primevideo.com www.primevideo.com Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Condition of Use   Sale Privacy Notice Cookies Notice Interest-Based Ads Notice Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.primevideo.com www.primevideo.com Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Condition of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Policy Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.primevideo.com www.primevideo.com Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Condition of Use   Sale Privacy Notice Cookies Notice Interest-Based Ads Notice Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service www.amazon.co.uk (United Kingdom) www.amazon.co.uk www.primevideo.com (rest of listed countries and territories) www.primevideo.com Amazon Prime Video Terms of Use Amazon Prime Video Usage Rules Condition of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Policy Interest-Based Ads Policy Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) Twitch Terms of Service (if you use any Twitch Prime benefit) www.amazon.com (United States) www.amazon.com www.primevideo.com (all other applicable countries and territories) www.primevideo.com System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| Prime Video: Help We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences, and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements. If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping and browsing experience across Prime Video as described in our Cookie Notice. This includes using first and third party cookies which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click &quot;Customise Cookies&quot; to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Prime Video Watch History), please visit our Privacy Notice. Get help using and troubleshooting common issues with Prime Video. Contact Us Setting Up Prime Video Cancel Restrictions   Parental Controls Content Compliance Renting, Buying   Payment Issues Live Event Troubleshooting Playback Issues   Support Accessibility Prime Video Audio Tracks Subtitles   Captions Prime Video Watch Party Profiles Prime Video Channels Supported Devices Legal Policies, Notices and Reports EN Sign InAccount MenuSign InWebsite Language - EN Sign In Sign In Account Menu We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences, and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements.If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping and browsing experience across Prime Video as described in our Cookie Notice. This includes using first and third party cookies which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click &quot;Customise Cookies&quot; to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Prime Video Watch History), please visit our Privacy Notice.Accept Cookies|Customize Cookies | Prime Video Support Account Details Register a Device Parental Controls Watch History Prime Video Profiles Need to Cancel a Prime Video Channel Subscription? Find out how to easily cancel a Prime Video Channel subscription online. Cancel a Channel Subscription Cancel an Accidental Purchase Rent and Buy Prime Video Titles Install Prime Video on Your Devices Issues Playing Prime Video Titles Issues with Live Streams Cast Prime Video to a TV Install Prime Video on Your Devices Download Prime Video Titles Watch Prime Video on Chromecast How Do I Cast Prime Video to My TV? Change the Prime Video Language Is Prime Video Included with Amazon Prime? Change Your Prime Video Membership after the Launch of Amazon Prime What is Prime Video Mobile Edition? Receive Prime Gaming Benefits Cancel My Prime Video Subscription Cancel Your Prime Video Channel Subscription Cancel an Accidental Purchase Unknown Charges on Prime Video Parental Controls on Prime Video Set up a Prime Video PIN on Android Set up a Prime Video PIN on iOS Set up a Prime Video PIN on Web Set up Restrictions on Prime Video on Android Set up Restrictions on Prime Video on iOS Set up Restrictions on Prime Video on Web Report a Content Grievance in India Maturity Ratings Rent and Buy Prime Video Titles Paying for Prime Video Rentals or Purchases Paying for Prime Video Subscriptions in Local Currencies Issues Accessing Previous Prime Video Purchases and Rentals Why Do I Have to Pay for Some Titles? Issues with Prime Video Payment and Order Errors Issues with Live Streams on Prime Video Australian Swimming Support UEFA Champions League Support Autumn Nations Series Support Ligue 1 Support The French Open - Roland-Garros Support Copa do Brasil Support New Zealand Cricket Support Issues While Playing Prime Video Titles Issues during Sign In or Sign Out on Prime Video Troubleshoot Internet Connection Issues with Your Connected Device Issues with Prime Video Error 2063 Issues with Prime Video Error 5004 Issues with Prime Video Error 7235 Issues with Prime Video from External Provider Issues with Prime Video PIN Errors Can I Watch Prime Video If I Travel Abroad? Force Stop the Prime Video App on an Android Device Force Stop the Prime Video App on an iOS Device Accessibility Features on Prime Video Keyboard Shortcuts on Prime Video Select Alternative Audio Tracks or Audio Descriptions on Prime Video on Connected Devices Select Alternative Audio Tracks or Audio Descriptions on Prime Video on Web, Amazon Devices and Mobile Devices Turn on Subtitles or Captions on Prime Video on Connected Devices Turn on Subtitles or Captions on Prime Video on Web, Amazon Devices and Mobile Devices What is a Prime Video Watch Party? Who Can Access a Prime Video Watch Party? How Do I Start a Watch Party in a Web Browser? How Do I Start a Watch Party on Fire TV? How Do I Start a Watch Party on Fire tablets, Android Mobile Phones and Android Tablets? How Do I Start a Watch Party on iPhones and iPads? How Do I Join a Watch Party in a Web Browser? How Do I Join a Watch Party on Fire TV? How Do I Join a Watch Party on Fire tablets, Android Mobile Phones and Android Tablets? How Do I Join a Watch Party on iPhones and iPads? Issues While Using Prime Video Watch Party Can I Use Prime Video Watch Parties From Outside My Home Country? What are Prime Video Profiles? What are Prime Video Kid's Profiles? What Devices Currently Support Prime Video Profiles? Create and Manage Prime Video Profiles via Website Create and Manage Prime Video Profiles on Connected Devices Create and Manage Prime Video Profiles on iOS, Android devices and Fire Tablets Create and Manage Prime Video Profiles on Fire TV Issues Accessing Content from External Providers Issues Watching Prime Video Channels While I Travel What Is Included with Prime Video Channels? Paying For Prime Video Channel Subscriptions with Gift Cards Why Do I Have to Pay Extra for Prime Video Channels? Amazon Devices with the Prime Video App Blu-Ray Players with the Prime Video App Games Consoles with the Prime Video App Mobile Devices with the Prime Video App Prime Video System Requirements for Computers Set Top Boxes and Media Players with the Prime Video App Smart TVs with the Prime Video App VAT / GST Rates About Tax on Prime Video subscriptions sold on PrimeVideo.com Amazon Prime Video Service Provider Information and Applicable Terms and Policies Legal Notices Grievance Report for Prime Video - India System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| entypo ||| Dan Flying Solo | Travel Blog   Travel Photographer Hey, I&#8217;m Dan! Obsessed with exploring the world, meeting new people and getting as lost as possible with my camera. I was on the road for 1467 days between 2014 &#8211; 2018, taking a chance on changing my career from restaurant manager to capturing the world and somehow it all worked out&#8230; I&#8217;m now starting a new chapter living in Portugal. I hope this site gives you some inspiration (and handy tips) to go and chase your own adventures. Travel is the best kind of education so go get lost, even if it&#8217;s just outside your own doorstep! Dramatic rugged mountains touching the clouds, hills covered in banana plantations, ocean as far as the eye can see, majestic waterfalls, hikes along waterways&#8230; Madeira offers the ideal island escape, a perfect part of Portugal to explore! If you are heading to Madeira, consider staying at the idilic Quinta Saraiva, shown in this video &#8211; you can get a discount on your booking via the code on my Portugal Blog &#8211; link and review here! Remote, wild, and untouched &#8211; all travel cliches, yet perfectly describe this remote cluster of islands just above Antartica. The penguins are the main draw, but what else is there to do in the Falkland Islands? Later, when I would meet Binna and learn about his Port Douglas, I’d think back to these modern and contemporary canvases. “We are proud of our past” he would say, “But this artwork is about now, it’s about me, my stories”. Email Address * First Name Articles Destinations Asia Cambodia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Laos Maldives Myanmar Singapore Sri Lanka Vietnam Europe A &#8211; M Albania Austria Bosnia   Herzegovina Bulgaria Czech Republic Denmark Estonia France Germany Greece Iceland Italy Luxembourg Monaco Montenegro Europe N &#8211; U Norway Poland Portugal Russia San Marino Scotland Serbia Slovenia Spain Sweden The Netherlands Turkey United Kingdom Ukraine Other Continents Africa Mauritius Caribbean Aruba Antigua Travel Guide Dominica Middle East Palestine / Israel Oman UAE The Americas Peru The Falkland Islands USA Mexico Oceania Australia Fiji New Zealand Inspo Travel Style Adventure Art and Culture City Breaks Festivals and Events Food and Wine Islands and Beaches Off the beaten path Road Trips Wellness Wildlife and Nature Winter and Off Season Tips &#038; Reviews Accommodation Reviews Travel Tips Technology and Gear Responsible   Eco Tourism Stories &#038; Personal Stories   Faces Journal   Personal Photo Essays &#038; Photo Lists Videos About Hey, I&#8217;m Dan&#8230; More About Dan Other Stuff Freelance Writing Portfolio Who is Dan? Work with Me My Portugal Travel Guide Blog Cookie, Privacy &#038; Disclaimer Policy Search Menu Menu Menu Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Read: Photo reasons I love Madeira 19th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 19th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 18th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 18th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 17th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 17th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Read More Articles Read: Reasons to visit the Falkland Islands Watch More Videos Read: Discovering Port Douglas and Aboriginal Culture 19th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 19th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 18th April 2022 / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) More ‘Off the beaten Path’ Inspiration About Me Cookie, Privacy and Disclaimer Policy | Copyright 2013 - 2022 Dan Flying Solo Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Scroll to top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| entypo ||| Who is Dan Flying Solo + Get in Touch | Travel Photographer   Blogger …In Short: I&#8217;m obsessed&nbsp;with exploring the world, meeting amazing people (and goats) and getting as lost as possible with my camera. I was on the road for 1467 days between 2014 &#8211; 2018, taking a chance on changing my career from restaurants to capturing the world and somehow it all worked out… … The long one: Welcome to my little corner of the WWW. Dan here, and I guess this is the place where I tell you about how I gave up my high flying corporate job because I hated the cubicle and sold it all to travel the world and chase this blogging dream…. but that wouldn’t be true for a few main reasons:&nbsp; 1-I had nothing to sell, and more debt than savings 2-I was a restaurant manager 3-I never planned or wanted to be a blogger But, nearly five years on here I am, still travelling, although not full time anymore (I managed about 1500days before making some more permanent roots again &#8211; Portugal now being home) and somehow, I guess, a ‘professional blogger’ among other things. Those other things being a photographer, travel writer, creative director at my media company in Portugal, videographer, and whatever else I find myself doing in the wacky world of travel. Just a quick lowdown on my travel style and what to expect on this site: a bit of everything. Sometimes I book fancy hotels cause I want a treat, other times I go camping and eat noodles for days on end with a paintbrush because I forgot chopsticks or a fork. There’s not one particular theme to this blog because I don’t think that’s how life really is, we change and what we enjoy changes. I try and focus on good value travel, which doesn’t always mean cheap, it means getting the most out of what you spend and the trip you plan, and although I don’t have a goal to visit every country in the world, I’m interested in a huge variety of cultures and countries, so this blog doesn’t focus on one particular continent for example.&nbsp; Travel for me is about education and the people I meet&nbsp;always make the trip, that&#8217;s why I usually like to fly solo &#8211; it makes it heaps easier to connect with the locals and get an inside look at a destination and you&#8217;ll most likely find me lost somewhere, camera in hand trying to blag my way through a conversation in a language I don&#8217;t really get &#8211; if you see me, come say hi :) So, what do you want to know? I always find these about me pages a bit weird to write but hey, one slightly boring biography coming up. I was born in the U.K., and although I always had an obsession with planes and aviation, I didn’t really take a gap-year, and it wasn’t until my early 20s that I really discovered travelling. Anyhow, this blog was born in 2013, I think, mainly to write really crappy articles, add a few semi-bad photos, and keep my family informed on my little weekend trips. Not that they actually read it they have since admitted, so I’m not sure who those 18 monthly visitors were. Back then, I was challenging myself to make two-day trips to Europe for £100 all in, flights, accommodation, the lot, to break up the crazy working hours of being a waiter.&nbsp; Somehow I’ve grown from those 18 people to over a million page views a year &#8211; something I still can’t believe and I’m genuinely grateful that people come to visit this site, especially the patient ones who read this long-winded, slightly pointless, and non-sensical page.&nbsp; So in 2014, I quit my job as a restaurant manager in London, it was a great busy restaurant and one of the coolest spots in London. I didn&#8217;t quit because I hated it, but curiosity of what else was out there had got the better of me. It was September, and I didn’t really have enough money in my current account (4000 GBP) and also had a fair bit of credit card debt too (update, August 2019, I’m just about to clear it!). I then met someone and fell in love the month before my one-way ticket to Indonesia. So, I did the sensible thing and got on the plane and hoped for the best, both in love, money, and Bali-belly.&nbsp; I was Dan, I was flying, and I was solo &#8211; and that’s how the lamest blog name ever was born. The next four years were a whirlwind; I travelled to some 50 countries, that love decided to move to the other side of the world to be together. Australian visa dramas followed and breakups happened, I started freelancing for Lonely Planet, got a photographer job at a tour company, did a poll on the internet of whether I should drag my heartbroken ass to move to New Zealand or Scotland in 2017. New Zealand won, so dutifully I got on a flight on December 31st and moved there. Want to know what happens on a China Eastern flight at midnight on New Year’s Eve? Nothing, they turned the lights off at 11.50, and that was goodnight. I didn’t love living in New Zealand as it was a bit far away from home, and decided I couldn’t waste any more time or emotion or money on trying to get back to Australia, so I went and visited some friends in Portugal, they gave me countless cocktails, I ended up behind the bar mixing messy drinks and the next day I went and filled out some forms and because a resident. Which unrelatedly happened to help with the old Brexit situation too. Woohoo. I&#8217;ve lived in UK, Australia, Indonesia, New Zealand and now Portugal. How did I get into this travel photography business? I was continually trying to learn new skills when I first started travelling as a) I didn’t want to rush back and b) my money wasn’t going to last long, especially with my credit card minimum payments. I started with photography and web design, did lots of free online course and watched YouTube, and gradually developed a skill set that gave me a new opportunity, which was great, as I was broke AF and had gone back to London for two months with a temporary job at my old workplace. This is getting a bit rambly now, and I’m writing it from the middle seat of a Wizz Air flight to Kyiv, which is my least favourite place to write from, so I’ll wrap it up with some favourites/FAQs as it’s likely no one is reading this far anyway… What camera do I use?&nbsp; I shoot with a Canon 5Dii which is second hand, and the make is 11 years old &#8211; so I don’t think you need the newest and best gear to get into photography. I actually had all my gear stolen a few years ago (so get insurance kids) and that was the replacement camera I could afford at the time. I’m about to get the Sony a7RIV as I&#8217;m doing way more video work now &#8211; but the best camera for starting with is the one you have in your hand!&nbsp; How do I get into blogging?&nbsp; I don’t have an article or anything about getting into blogging or tips for starting out, other than that random mess of words above, partly because I want my site and traffic to stay focused on places and people, not me, but mainly because as you can see, I have no actionable tips except save up more money than I did, keep learning always, and only do what you are passionate about or creativity will dry up and you’ll end up hating what can be a not overly well-paid job. Do travel photographer because you love it, not because you want free trips!&nbsp; My friend Janet has one of the best posts on this subject though, and she’s still a hardcore travelling loving legend through and through so go check her post on being a blogger out for more answers.&nbsp; Also I LOVE getting messages, comments and emails from you guys about places etc. &#8211; but I get about 50 a week about how to do this as a job, and I’ve really not got much to say on the matter as you can see, it’s a trial and error for everyone &#8211; this is how I started working with Lonely Planet though.&nbsp; Favourite people, I’ve met on my travels, because there the most important moments.&nbsp; Simla &#8211; an absolute legend who gave me my first pro photographer job at her tour company. Survived a brain haemorrhage and went on to build a pretty amazing empowerment tourism company. Her story is pretty incredible. Binna &#8211; one of the nicest guys ever, I first met him on a Lonely Planet video shoot in Queensland Australia I was presenting, when I was asked to make a promo video for Three Mobile and LP in Australia, and they gave me full range of any Australian experience I could pick, and I chose the Aboriginal art and culture, as I don’t think enough visitors to Australia give this time. Binna was a legend, showed me his local area of Mossman and Port Douglas, and then we met again a year later when I suggested to Simla she made a tour to discover the Aboriginal heritage of tropical North Queensland which she did, amazing.&nbsp; Sonu &#8211; from Delhi for all the amazing work she does in the slums there creating school places for kids. Amanda &#8211; in New Zealand who reached out on Instagram when she saw I was moving there and became a great friend, and even let me housesit &#8211; I’ll always appreciate Amanda and her friendship! Nicki &#8211; who I also met on Instagram and then somehow we were on a camping trip in Oman, no idea how that happened, and now I’m on route to Tajikistan to meet her &#8211; though pretty sure this Trek will be the last thing my body can handle right now. Anyway, she rocks, and blos about off the beaten path spots. The dude sat next to me on my flight right now handing me Haribo &#8211; what a legend. I speak zero Ukrainian, so don’t have a name, but anyone that shares their Haribo deserves a shout out. Ahhh there are so many more amazing people, but my fingers are hurting from typing this on the phone so will come back and finish this later (narrator: he never did).&nbsp;&nbsp; Favourite cities and why:&nbsp; Lisbon &#8211; it’s sexy, it’s cool, it’s Portuguese, and it’s soon to be my home. Honestly, there’s something about those cobbled streets that makes me grin and love life.&nbsp; Sydney &#8211; loved living here, city and beach combine together, and the quality of life is pretty decent here. Rio &#8211; absolutely one of the best trips of my life and also my first trip outside of Europe/USA &#8211; I went with friends from work in London who are dancers ith the samba schools, and we hopped between the different dance schools in the favelas and I even got to dance down the samba drone at carnival. It was a trip with its heartbreaking challenges, but absolutely amazing and I have to credit my two dear friends who took me, the English village boy under their wing and shared their culture and country with me so openly and thoroughly, without them and this trip I don&#8217;t know how I would view and understand the world, but their education is pricesless and I will always be greatful to them. Bologna in Italy, can’t pinpoint it but I could easily live here and slowly turn into a big fat piece of pasta.&nbsp; Sarajevo &#8211; the culture and history and cake and people and just everything. It’s not the most beautiful of cities but damn its amazing. Edinburgh &#8211; Scottish people, Festivals, culture and those Scottish accents! St Petersburg &#8211; so much beauty and personality, went as part of a cruise but must go back!&nbsp; Favourite countries in no particular order: (of the 67ish I’ve been to)&nbsp; Portugal Bosnia and Herzegovina Italy Indonesia Slovenia&nbsp; Oman Dominica (not the Dominica republic) Sri Lanka Australia Mauritius&nbsp; Favourite travel story: When Lilly got the car stuck on a hill in Albania, and the policeman and she had a hand-language playoff Camping in Oman with Nicole and Jeremy and we sneak into a beach resort and then our camper stove blows up alerting everyone to our presence. Also when I got my goat selfie there. Filming in the mangroves of Queensland with the LP film Crew and their faces when Binna started talking about the crocodiles. Going to India with Janet and Vicky and basically sitting on a bus for the whole four-day trip and then getting stuck on a boat and missing the main part of the festival we were there for &#8211; such a delirious mess of a trip but I kind of cherish it as it was an epic experience, and what I briefly did experience of the worlds largest human gathering (50 million + people) was epic and otherwordly, The Kumbh Mela. Meeting another Dan in a smoking room in Myanmar, and then reconnecting later because the Mayor of Ljubljana has shared one of my articles and he recognised it was me. The whole shit show which was my trip to Thailand, my first to Asia and we ended up ditching it and going to Indonesia instead as it was such a comedy of errors. It’s where my love of Indo comes from, and I have Louise to thank for that. All those stories, including an unfortunate incident with the Big Mac, are thankfully in a journal and not online. Oh man, so many more, so many of them not even on the blog yet &#8211; I get distracted my travelling and living in the moment and then forget actually to write about the trip.&nbsp; Okay, we’re about to land in Ukraine, and it’s 3 am, so that’s it for the about me page that it will likely take another four years to update. so this random pile of meh will sit here for a while. I’ve booked a hotel here based entirely on the fact the carpets are the most garish I’ve ever seen, so got that to look forward to before Nicki kills unfit me on this Tajik trek! And someone even asked for my middle seat and gave me an aisle so they could sit next to their wife, what a legend! Thanks for reading, I hope you find some helpful stuff here (on the blog, certainly not this page), and find me on the socials if you want irregular updates on my travels Instagram | Facebook | YouTube | Twitter Safe travels! Dan&nbsp; Ps. I’ll re-read this one day and wonder what kinda sleep-deprived rant I was on…&nbsp; [&#8230;] Daniel James, with his amazing writing and photography skills, useful traveling tips, and earnest passion for traveling is a perfect example when it comes to successful content creating in the travel affiliate marketing niche. [&#8230;] &#8230;and I&#8217;m obsessed with getting lost in new places and meeting new faces. From remote Atlantic Islands full of Penguins, to bustling Italian cities crammed with amazing architecture. I&#8217;ve been lucky enough to turn my passion for travel and photography into my job, and spent four years travelling full time before settling down in Portugal &#8211; a far cry from the life I thought I would have when I left my London restaurant managers job. This website is full of my favourite places and people, and stories from the road &#8211; I hope it can help you explore the world a little bit better through tips, advice, and personal stories. Safe travels! Email Address * First Name Email Address * First Name Articles Destinations Asia Cambodia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Laos Maldives Myanmar Singapore Sri Lanka Vietnam Europe A &#8211; M Albania Austria Bosnia   Herzegovina Bulgaria Czech Republic Denmark Estonia France Germany Greece Iceland Italy Luxembourg Monaco Montenegro Europe N &#8211; U Norway Poland Portugal Russia San Marino Scotland Serbia Slovenia Spain Sweden The Netherlands Turkey United Kingdom Ukraine Other Continents Africa Mauritius Caribbean Aruba Antigua Travel Guide Dominica Middle East Palestine / Israel Oman UAE The Americas Peru The Falkland Islands USA Mexico Oceania Australia Fiji New Zealand Inspo Travel Style Adventure Art and Culture City Breaks Festivals and Events Food and Wine Islands and Beaches Off the beaten path Road Trips Wellness Wildlife and Nature Winter and Off Season Tips &#038; Reviews Accommodation Reviews Travel Tips Technology and Gear Responsible   Eco Tourism Stories &#038; Personal Stories   Faces Journal   Personal Photo Essays &#038; Photo Lists Videos About Hey, I&#8217;m Dan&#8230; More About Dan Other Stuff Freelance Writing Portfolio Who is Dan? Work with Me My Portugal Travel Guide Blog Cookie, Privacy &#038; Disclaimer Policy Search Menu Menu Menu Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube 1 reply says: About Me About Me Cookie, Privacy and Disclaimer Policy | Copyright 2013 - 2022 Dan Flying Solo Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Scroll to top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| entypo ||| Stories   Faces Archives - Dan Flying Solo Email Address * First Name Articles Destinations Asia Cambodia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Laos Maldives Myanmar Singapore Sri Lanka Vietnam Europe A &#8211; M Albania Austria Bosnia   Herzegovina Bulgaria Czech Republic Denmark Estonia France Germany Greece Iceland Italy Luxembourg Monaco Montenegro Europe N &#8211; U Norway Poland Portugal Russia San Marino Scotland Serbia Slovenia Spain Sweden The Netherlands Turkey United Kingdom Ukraine Other Continents Africa Mauritius Caribbean Aruba Antigua Travel Guide Dominica Middle East Palestine / Israel Oman UAE The Americas Peru The Falkland Islands USA Mexico Oceania Australia Fiji New Zealand Inspo Travel Style Adventure Art and Culture City Breaks Festivals and Events Food and Wine Islands and Beaches Off the beaten path Road Trips Wellness Wildlife and Nature Winter and Off Season Tips &#038; Reviews Accommodation Reviews Travel Tips Technology and Gear Responsible   Eco Tourism Stories &#038; Personal Stories   Faces Journal   Personal Photo Essays &#038; Photo Lists Videos About Hey, I&#8217;m Dan&#8230; More About Dan Other Stuff Freelance Writing Portfolio Who is Dan? Work with Me My Portugal Travel Guide Blog Cookie, Privacy &#038; Disclaimer Policy Search Menu Menu Menu Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube All, Destinations, Mexico, Responsible   Eco Tourism, Stories   Faces, The Americas https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Mexico-City-Centro-Historic-113.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2022-04-19 11:18:002022-04-20 11:15:24The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Mexico-City-Centro-Historic-113.jpg 1152 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Mexico-City-Centro-Historic-113.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2022-04-19 11:18:00 2022-04-20 11:15:24 The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme All, Destinations, Europe, Italy, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/ITALYGUIDE1.jpg 1125 2000 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2021-03-24 12:15:182022-01-30 21:17:07Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/ITALYGUIDE1.jpg 1125 2000 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/ITALYGUIDE1.jpg 1125 2000 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2021-03-24 12:15:18 2022-01-30 21:17:07 Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places All, Art and Culture, City Breaks, Destinations, Europe, Responsible   Eco Tourism, Stories   Faces, The Netherlands https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Peace-palace-at-night.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2019-10-30 02:10:092022-01-30 21:09:24An eye-opening visit to The Hague during the Peace and Justice weekend https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Peace-palace-at-night.jpg 1152 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Peace-palace-at-night.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2019-10-30 02:10:09 2022-01-30 21:09:24 An eye-opening visit to The Hague during the Peace and Justice weekend An eye-opening visit to The Hague during the Peace and Justice weekend All, Asia, Destinations, Festivals and Events, India, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/EveningaartiKumbhMela.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2019-02-09 21:04:012022-01-30 21:23:13Attending the worlds largest spiritual gathering: The Prayagraj Kumbh Mela https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/EveningaartiKumbhMela.jpg 1152 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/EveningaartiKumbhMela.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2019-02-09 21:04:01 2022-01-30 21:23:13 Attending the worlds largest spiritual gathering: The Prayagraj Kumbh Mela Attending the worlds largest spiritual gathering: The Prayagraj Kumbh Mela All, Art and Culture, Asia, City Breaks, Destinations, India, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/creamtions-varanasi.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2019-02-03 21:11:402021-03-22 18:52:25Cremations and celebrations: A journey through Varanasi, India’s holiest city https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/creamtions-varanasi.jpg 1152 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/creamtions-varanasi.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2019-02-03 21:11:40 2021-03-22 18:52:25 Cremations and celebrations: A journey through Varanasi, India’s holiest city Cremations and celebrations: A journey through Varanasi, India’s holiest city All, Destinations, Festivals and Events, Journal   Personal, New Zealand, Oceania, Off the beaten path, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/whangamomona-republic-day-0303.jpg 1013 1800 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2019-01-17 08:33:542021-03-21 23:09:48Whangamomona Republic Day: That time I went to vote for a cat in an election&#8230; https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/whangamomona-republic-day-0303.jpg 1013 1800 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/whangamomona-republic-day-0303.jpg 1013 1800 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2019-01-17 08:33:54 2021-03-21 23:09:48 Whangamomona Republic Day: That time I went to vote for a cat in an election&#8230; Whangamomona Republic Day: That time I went to vote for a cat in an election&#8230; Adventure, Africa, All, Destinations, Islands and Beaches, Journal   Personal, Mauritius, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/BigMauritiusCulturealDance.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2018-05-25 05:17:282022-01-30 21:03:13More to Mauritius: Unearthing adventures beyond the beaches https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/BigMauritiusCulturealDance.jpg 1152 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/BigMauritiusCulturealDance.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2018-05-25 05:17:28 2022-01-30 21:03:13 More to Mauritius: Unearthing adventures beyond the beaches More to Mauritius: Unearthing adventures beyond the beaches Adventure, All, Destinations, Peru, Photography, Responsible   Eco Tourism, South America, Stories   Faces, Wildlife and Nature https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Peru.jpg 1100 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2017-09-01 15:12:542022-01-30 20:58:55Prints from Peru: Inca ruins and culture around Cusco https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Peru.jpg 1100 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Peru.jpg 1100 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2017-09-01 15:12:54 2022-01-30 20:58:55 Prints from Peru: Inca ruins and culture around Cusco Prints from Peru: Inca ruins and culture around Cusco All, Art and Culture, Australia, Destinations, Islands and Beaches, Journal   Personal, Oceania, Off the beaten path, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Binna-1.jpg 1152 2049 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2017-07-10 22:55:062021-03-22 00:01:01Discovering Port Douglas and Aboriginal Culture https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Binna-1.jpg 1152 2049 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Binna-1.jpg 1152 2049 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2017-07-10 22:55:06 2021-03-22 00:01:01 Discovering Port Douglas and Aboriginal Culture Discovering Port Douglas and Aboriginal Culture All, Art and Culture, Destinations, Israel / Palestine, Middle East, Off the beaten path, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/JerrichoPalestine.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2016-06-07 18:39:402021-03-20 12:23:49Palestine: Jericho and the unexpected west bank https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/JerrichoPalestine.jpg 1152 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/JerrichoPalestine.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2016-06-07 18:39:40 2021-03-20 12:23:49 Palestine: Jericho and the unexpected west bank Palestine: Jericho and the unexpected west bank All, Journal   Personal, Responsible   Eco Tourism, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/GiliSunset-2.jpg 834 1800 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2016-03-10 17:29:062021-03-20 00:53:54Brain Haemorrhages and Bucket-lists https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/GiliSunset-2.jpg 834 1800 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/GiliSunset-2.jpg 834 1800 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2016-03-10 17:29:06 2021-03-20 00:53:54 Brain Haemorrhages and Bucket-lists Brain Haemorrhages and Bucket-lists All, Asia, Cambodia, Destinations, Journal   Personal, Reviews, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/HandsOnJourneysCambodiaRoyalPalace.jpg 1000 1800 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2016-01-12 18:58:102021-03-19 23:34:25Cambodian Genocide: The Killing Fields &#038; S21 Prison https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/HandsOnJourneysCambodiaRoyalPalace.jpg 1000 1800 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/HandsOnJourneysCambodiaRoyalPalace.jpg 1000 1800 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2016-01-12 18:58:10 2021-03-19 23:34:25 Cambodian Genocide: The Killing Fields &#038; S21 Prison Cambodian Genocide: The Killing Fields &#038; S21 Prison All, Art and Culture, Destinations, Europe, Italy, Journal   Personal, Photography, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/CinqueBig.jpg 1073 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2015-12-10 01:33:342021-03-07 20:02:51Finding silence in Cinque Terre https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/CinqueBig.jpg 1073 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/CinqueBig.jpg 1073 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2015-12-10 01:33:34 2021-03-07 20:02:51 Finding silence in Cinque Terre Finding silence in Cinque Terre All, Journal   Personal, South America, Stories   Faces https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Rio.jpg 1073 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2015-09-08 04:07:592021-02-28 22:51:02The highs and lows of a samba with Rio https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Rio.jpg 1073 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Rio.jpg 1073 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2015-09-08 04:07:59 2021-02-28 22:51:02 The highs and lows of a samba with Rio The highs and lows of a samba with Rio About Me Cookie, Privacy and Disclaimer Policy | Copyright 2013 - 2022 Dan Flying Solo Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Scroll to top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| entypo ||| Best experiences in Italy: Italy must do list of activities Home   Destinations   Europe   Italy   Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Updated: 24th March 2021 This website uses affiliate links which may earn a commission for purchases made at no additional cost to you. When it comes to travelling, there is no other country that has captured my heart like Italy. She has dazzling cities crammed with art and architecture, mesmerising mountains with epic lakes and hikes, breath-taking blue hues along the southern coast, and enough culture and cuisine to keep anyone entertained. But, more than that, it&#8217;s the spirit of Italy &#8211; it&#8217;s something I can&#8217;t describe, but it&#8217;s the feeling in the air whenever I&#8217;m in the country. Sure, a lot of this is credited to the awe of the landscapes and heritage, but more than that, it&#8217;s about the people that make this nation so special. There is a degree of passion and pride in the Italian way of life that is captivating. I&#8217;ve written before about some of my favourite hidden gems in Italy – in fact Italy is by far the most documented destination on my website – but I&#8217;ve never talked about the experiences which have made me fall in love with Italy. So, here, I want to talk about the people and moments more than the places &#8211; some of the moments that made me fall in love with Italy. This is an ever-growing list, as I slowly work my way around every region, but here are some of the most special Italian experiences I&#8217;ve had as a traveller, hopefully, some of these will make your next visit even more special. And please, add any other unique Italian experiences into the comments &#8211; I&#8217;m always searching for ideas for my next trip! The sub-region of Valsugana in Trentino is all about watersports. Nestled just before the dolomites, the rugged terrain and peaceful lakes make for a tranquil getaway, with blue-flag beaches and plenty of boutique accommodation offerings. One lake, in particular, is very special though, Lake Levico. I first discovered this lake when I learnt how to SUP, the still-waters reflecting the nearby mountains made for a fantastic place to learn. Little did I know though, there was a secret far below the surface. The famed local wine is a Sparkling option called Trento Doc, and there are bottles of the stuff underneath the water. Nearby wine-producing brother duo Andrea and Giorgio from Cantina Romanese rest their wine at the base of the lake, due to the perfect temperatures and storage settings. Then, when it&#8217;s time, scuba-divers head down and retrieve the bottles. If you time your visit right, you&#8217;ll not only be able to enjoy a tasting at their intimate wine-estate but maybe even witness the bottles coming back to the surface! Make it happen:You can book SUP classes with Francesso via his Facebook page, and contact Cantina Romanese via their website. To me, Bologna is one of the most magical cities in the country, and the friendly locals make it even more special. It&#8217;s famous for many types of food (there is more on that later), but a random claim to fame is certainly the Gelato University! Not to be confused of course with one of the oldest universities in the world, which encompasses many corners of the city. Thus, the best way to get to know Bologna well is on a walking-tour, and what better thing to combine with that than Gelato? Make it happen:My friend Rochelle wrote all about our Gelato Tour here It was a rainy and misty day when I arrived in Venice, which added even more mystery and intrigue to the masked characters roaming the streets. I&#8217;ve been lucky enough to visit Venice a few times, and while it&#8217;s certainly busy during the Carnival (when isn&#8217;t it?), it wasn&#8217;t actually as busy as the summer visits I had enjoyed previously. The Venice Carnival officially dates back to the Renaissance period, and it can be enjoyed in various ways now. From free activities such as walking the beautiful streets and admiring the costumes, to attending lavish ticketed only events and balls. Make it happen:The carnival is in February and completes with the end of Vent. Find official details for future events on the local tourism website. One of the most interesting foodie experiences I had in Puglia was in&nbsp;Foggia, between my visits to Bovino and Sant Agata’ di Puglia. In an old watermill, dating back to the 1600s, which looked slightly in disrepair from outside, but fully working inside, the grain to make the pasta is still ground by the power of water and hard work. Olga and Massimo guided us through how to cut and roll the pasta to make the ear shapes most known in the region, and while I’ll undoubtedly win no awards for my contributions to pasta making, the delicious lunch they served us afterwards was thankfully not made by me! Make it happen:Currently I can&#8217;t find the page online for the pasta-making workshops, just a link to a tour and tasting on GetYourGuide &#8211; hopefully the website will return soon. It was in Cremona that the modern violin prototype was invented. Now, it is one of, if not the most famous places for the production of Violins in the world. Antonio Stradivari is a well-known name as producing the best quality violins in the world, and it was in the workshops here many of his stringed instruments were made, often referred to as Stradivarius. Marianne Jost showed us around the&nbsp;Violin workshop&nbsp;she shares with her husband, and as well as showing us how these bespoke designs are made, also played her own instruments for us. The workshop tour took us through the stags of the violin, from the sourcing of the wood to the tools used. Cutting out, sanding down, and piecing together these beautiful instruments is indeed a much more time-consuming task than I ever knew possible, and I left that workshop with a newfound respect for all those who are keeping traditional woodwork alive. Make it happen: Contact Marianne via their website to book a visit or workshop tour These white, conical roofed homes can be found in many places in Europe, but they are particularly linked to this region of Puglia and around the Vale d&#8217;Itria and UNESCO Alberobello. In the tourist-popular town, you can wander around the narrow streets, where the Trullo have been converted into museums, shops and restaurants. There are however some here, and further out in nature that can be rented as holiday homes, though check, as some are more traditional than others! Make it happen:There are various options available and can be found on the likes of AirBnB or other booking websites The Dolomites are often seen as an epic adventure destination &#8211; whether it be for hiking, skiing, or mountain biking, but this incredible backdrop lends it self to something else entirely &#8211; classical music concerts! The Sounds of the Dolomites event occours in the summer months, and in various spots around the mountains, mostly with cable-car access, the hills really do come alive with music from sunrise through to sunset. The high altitude, and lack of noise pollution make this an amazing location to enjoy an orchestra performance, and it&#8217;s a prime example of combining Italy&#8217;s amazing music scene and mountains into one memorable experience. Make it happen:Keep an eye on the latest &#8216;Sounds of the Dolomites&#8217; events on the website. Known as the Flight of the Angels, the zip-line between the villages of Castelmezzano and Pietrapertosa is a must-do adventure experince in Italy for thrill seekers. It might not be the longest zip-line in the world, but it takes in some of the most stunning scenery in the whole country. Plus, how often can you travel between villages like this. Even if you aren&#8217;t up for taking part, the village of Castelmezzano is one of the most beautiful in the country, with the jagged mountains protuding behind it, and greenery all around, it&#8217;s well worth making a visit here regardless. Make it happen:You can book your &#8216;Flight of the Angels&#8217; by buying a ticket online. In the heart of beautiful Verona, home to Romeo and Juliet, stands the impressive Arena, a Roman amphitheatre that stands open to the elements. When I last visited Verona I was walking the streets and someone was playing Elton John really loud, then I realised it was in fact Elton John playing really loud from this open-air venue. A few days later, Kylie would be here. It&#8217;s used for various performance, from Opera to modern artists, and what a special setting to enjoy a concert at. Dating back to 30 AD, taking in a show here is sure to be an Italian experience you never forget! Make it happen:There are various shows that take place at the venue, tickets and event can be seen on the Arena website. There is only one country in the world that can lay claim to having two countries inside of it, and that is Italy. The only other, with one country in its borders is South Africa, where Lesotho is land-locked. The two countries are very small, one being the smallest in the world. Exploring the Vatican is part of visiting Rome, home to the pope, and beautiful art work and architecture when inside, it&#8217;s something worth doing in Rome just because it&#8217;s right there if for nothing else &#8211; although the lines can be quite long. On the other hand, San Marino, surrounded by the Emilia Romagna region, is somewhere I really do recommend you visit &#8211; and stay overnight. There is some fascinating history in this micro-nation, such as having it&#8217;s own calendar, two presidents at a time, and it&#8217;s strange links with the EU and the Euro, although it&#8217;s not officially a part of it. Once the day-trippers go, and sunset comes in, you&#8217;ll be rewarded with fantastic views across the landscape. Make it happen:You can either drive, or even take a bus to San Marino as a day-trip or overnight stay easily. For the Vatican, tickets need to be purchased and often in advance &#8211; I recommend the early-bird access tickets so you don&#8217;t have to line up forever. Thank you for this great post. I&#8217;m italian, born in Meran and current live in a city near Venice. It&#8217;s interesting to see how much is appreciate my country from so many people in the world&#8230; Another great post. I can&#8217;t wait to go to Italy after Covid to experience what you have listed. Thanks for the post :) This is a beautiful illustration of your travel adventures! We have been living in Bocas Del Toro Panama for over 5 years and we love it. We are now moving again to live on a sailboat and are documenting our adventures in a Blog and Vlog! Check out our website! lavidagypsea.com Hello sir, I just want to visit you blog for academic purposes and when I was visiting you blog, I love your content and photography tips. Someday, I was dreaming to travel abroad also and thank you for your blog. It makes sense for me. I hope you reach my comment and I would like to interact with you when it comes to travels. Thank you very much! You have described everything so beautifully. You have convinced me to visit Italy as soon as the borders get opened. I have watched hundreds of youtube videos of how travelers enter the Vatican city on foot. It must be such a surreal experience. I&#8217;ve been to Italy but must admit I am disappointed that I haven&#8217;t experienced anything that you have listed. I had the typical tourist experience. Your list is much more interesting and hope to do at least a few from what you have mentioned in this post. Saving it for the future. Wow what a amazing post thanks for sharing you are my inspiration love you Thanks :) Thanks for sharing all these amazing ideas for traveling in Italy. I personally LOVE this country so much and can&#8217;t wait to book a flight ticket. There is a crazy city worse the stop : NAPOLI. Ah Napoli it&#8217;s all about coffee, pizza, little streets and ice creams. Be careful with your belongings because theaves are everywhere in this city&#8230; I found myself with an open backpack after an hour walking in the streets there. Thanks God nothing was missing but&#8230; Now you know :) I urgently advice you to go to see a marvelous piece of art in la Cappella San Severo : the veiled Christ &#8230; Have you heard about it? I do really like Napoli, but no I haven&#8217;t visited this art work&#8230; Dear Dan write a blog about the colloseum a beautiful place in Italy. And please check out my blogs as well thanks Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment &#916; &#8230;and I&#8217;m obsessed with getting lost in new places and meeting new faces. From remote Atlantic Islands full of Penguins, to bustling Italian cities crammed with amazing architecture. I&#8217;ve been lucky enough to turn my passion for travel and photography into my job, and spent four years travelling full time before settling down in Portugal &#8211; a far cry from the life I thought I would have when I left my London restaurant managers job. This website is full of my favourite places and people, and stories from the road &#8211; I hope it can help you explore the world a little bit better through tips, advice, and personal stories. Safe travels! Email Address * First Name Email Address * First Name Articles Destinations Asia Cambodia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Laos Maldives Myanmar Singapore Sri Lanka Vietnam Europe A &#8211; M Albania Austria Bosnia   Herzegovina Bulgaria Czech Republic Denmark Estonia France Germany Greece Iceland Italy Luxembourg Monaco Montenegro Europe N &#8211; U Norway Poland Portugal Russia San Marino Scotland Serbia Slovenia Spain Sweden The Netherlands Turkey United Kingdom Ukraine Other Continents Africa Mauritius Caribbean Aruba Antigua Travel Guide Dominica Middle East Palestine / Israel Oman UAE The Americas Peru The Falkland Islands USA Mexico Oceania Australia Fiji New Zealand Inspo Travel Style Adventure Art and Culture City Breaks Festivals and Events Food and Wine Islands and Beaches Off the beaten path Road Trips Wellness Wildlife and Nature Winter and Off Season Tips &#038; Reviews Accommodation Reviews Travel Tips Technology and Gear Responsible   Eco Tourism Stories &#038; Personal Stories   Faces Journal   Personal Photo Essays &#038; Photo Lists Videos About Hey, I&#8217;m Dan&#8230; More About Dan Other Stuff Freelance Writing Portfolio Who is Dan? Work with Me My Portugal Travel Guide Blog Cookie, Privacy &#038; Disclaimer Policy Search Menu Menu Menu Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube All, Destinations, Europe, Italy, Stories   Faces Home   Destinations   Europe   Italy   Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Home   Destinations   Europe   Italy   Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Destinations   Europe   Italy   Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Europe   Italy   Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Italy   Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Curious about Cremona, Italy: a city of vintage violins, mustard fruit and sweet&hellip; Things to do in Lombardy, Italy: a photo guide to this fantastic region Italy off the beaten path: 25 hidden gems in Italy Exploring Emilia Romagna: Comacchio canals, Po Delta Flamingos, and forested&hellip; Reasons to visit Trentino: my favourite Italian region you need to discover Epic Puglia and Lombardy Italy two week road trip itinerary: South to North 24th March 2021/11 Comments/by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) / 11 Comments / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/ITALYGUIDE1.jpg 1125 2000 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2021-03-24 12:15:182022-01-30 21:17:07Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/ITALYGUIDE1.jpg 1125 2000 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/ITALYGUIDE1.jpg 1125 2000 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2021-03-24 12:15:18 2022-01-30 21:17:07 Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places Why I love Italy &#8211; my favourite Italy experiences and places 11 replies says: says: says: says: says: says: says: says: says: says: says: Want to join the discussion? Feel free to contribute! Your email address will not be published. About Me About Me Cookie, Privacy and Disclaimer Policy | Copyright 2013 - 2022 Dan Flying Solo Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Scroll to top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| entypo ||| The Tourism Recovery Programme supporting Mexico City&#039;s businesses Home   Destinations   The Americas   Mexico   The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme Updated: 19th April 2022 This website uses affiliate links which may earn a commission for purchases made at no additional cost to you. Throughout the global pandemic, conversations in the tourism industry have re-focussed on all our favourite buzz words; sustainability, responsibility, and community. Many of the loudest voices in the industry envisioned some kind of tourism overhaul &#8211; where local businesses would thrive as travellers, wary of the world around them due to the pandemic, would opt to research and focus more on locally owned operators. However, now nearly two years on and as tourism slowly re-opens globally, how many of these predictions still ring true? The World Economic Forum recently investigated how quickly tourism is returning &#8216;post-pandemic&#8217; yet in only certain regions&nbsp; – with the alarming fact that tourism lost out on around $1 trillion of export revenues in 2021. This raises the question of if businesses, many of whom are desperate to survive, really have the resources remaining to focus on the most ethical way forward? Likewise, and perhaps most importantly, are travellers who are frantically searching for their first holiday in two years actually putting the local economy at the heart of their travel plans or simply seeking an easy and quick escape from the confines of lockdowns? From my perspective, it&#8217;s hard to envision that the industry will see such a powerful overhaul as many predicted when initially discussing the future of tourism. Now, with a cost of living crisis coming on the back of the pandemic, it&#8217;s even more likely that for many travellers, their budget will become the primary factor rather than responsible tourism. On the flip side, it seems a surge in once-in-a-lifetime trips are being booked, as we re-consider both our mortality and when we can travel – is a massive influx of tourists to say Antarctica really in line with the expected growth of sustainable tourism? That said, there are many ways that we, as travellers, can make a much more powerful impact on our travels – often without spending more money, but spending a little more time researching and planning our trips.&nbsp; My recent trip to Mexico City, a metropolis that isn&#8217;t usually considered a sustainable tourism option, highlighted some of these &#8216;easy wins&#8217;. Meeting with six business owners who have been supported throughout the pandemic by a robust Tourism Recovery Programme, I started to gain my first on the ground insights into the &#8216;post-pandemic&#8217; travel sphere.&nbsp; As the Chinese philosopher Lao Tzu once said, &#8216;Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime&#8217; &#8211; and on the back of a devastating two years for the travel industry, amongst many others, this couldn&#8217;t ring more true. In a world filled with (sometimes questionable) foreign aid that often leads to foreign ownership or contracts, we have become very familiar with the deed of gifting money – more so in terms of perceived charity than tourism. While that money can often provide a short-term boost, it isn&#8217;t infinite, and thus up-skilling and supporting with more than just monetary gifts can often lead to more of an impact. That said, when someone is already struggling, they need the fish for strength to learn, or, in this case, the cash to claw back up and build from. The Tourism Recovery Programme, which has been supporting businesses in Mexico among other countries, seemed to understand this, and thus a perfect collaboration was formed. Something we, as travellers, can easily replicate by choosing local companies that are also investing in their communities. The programme was formed between tourism experts TUI Care Foundation, a separate entity to the well-known TUI Holidays, and enpact, a Berlin-based organisation specialised in supporting entrepreneurs and their ecosystems in building capacity and growing their impact through networking, mentorships, and training, the programme&#8217;s reach and skills development aims are more than covered.&nbsp; An initial funds boost, amounting to €9000 per business, was supplied to nominated businesses by the GIZ, a German development agency, under a commission by the German Federal Ministry for International Cooperation and Development. This allocation aimed to help the tourism companies survive the immediate impact of the pandemic in the short term, while the programme&#8217;s overall aim was to grow long term abilities and new markets for the businesses through mentorship, training, and networking. &#8216;The pandemic was terrible &#8211; the hotel was so deep in taxes and loans, my mother even had to sell her house&#8217;, Andrea Álvarez Sánchez, the owner of Casa Jacinta Guest House in the artistic Coyoacán neighbourhood, told me over breakfast one morning – highlighting just how critical the financial support was in the early days of the pandemic. But how were these businesses selected? What were the criteria of who to help and support out of thousands of applications?&nbsp; &#8216;The Tourism Recovery Programme is focused specifically on supporting businesses that display a component of innovation either in terms of technology, environmental contribution or social impact&#8217;, Manuel Ferreira, one of the Project Managers of the Tourism Recovery Programme, explained to me when we first spoke prior to my Mexico visit.&nbsp; &#8216;The programme&#8217;s support goes to small-and-medium businesses in countries that rely significantly on tourism in their economy. These businesses are critical drivers of a more sustainable global tourism industry as they are still growing and shaping their business models and have the potential to inspire change in the entire industry,’ he explained, clarifying why Mexico, along with Kenya, South Africa, Egypt and Tunisia had been chosen as destinations to launch the programme. Quickly I became excited by the opportunity to visit more than a handful of dynamic small businesses myself, especially those making an impact in their communities. But, in a metropolis like Mexico City, often touted more for its crowds and traffic than sustainability, I was eager to find out if these were hollow promises or if community, sustainability, and responsibility were indeed being championed.&nbsp; Perhaps, I wondered, was there still hope for all those hard-to-believe future of tourism predictions?&nbsp; Sustainability in tourism can mean countless things, depending on who you ask. For some, the environment is at the heart of it – think at top-level &#8216;take only memories, leave only footprints&#8217; over constructing a 500-bedroom hotel on a protected natural bay. For others, it&#8217;s about building a much more sustainable approach to income and job opportunities for locals. One that can be scaled up, thus creating more jobs, opportunities – and most importantly, cash in pockets – for locals over foreign investors.&nbsp; Both are essential parts of a sustainable tourism economy, and from the businesses I met, it seemed sustainability was a cornerstone of their ethics rather than a buzzword – something their involvement in the Tourism Recovery Programme had further highlighted.&nbsp; &#8216;We&#8217;ve been able to learn a lot of different things &#8211; leadership, management, digital and sustainable tourism. But not only that, we had the opportunity to discover what we were already doing and what we weren&#8217;t promoting,&#8217; Rodrigo Lopez Aldana, founder of Sabores Mexico Food Tours, told me over coffee at the end of a delicious five-hour tour devouring the city&#8217;s best dishes.&nbsp; &#8216;For example, supporting the local economy, being as green and sustainable as possible, and helping the local community. It was part of our business model, but now we have realised we are creating a big sustainable impact &#8211; and how important that also is to international travellers&#8217; he continued as Nite, an expert barista, poured out different organic coffees across the table.&nbsp; &#8216;We just never really spoke about it because we&#8217;ve been doing it since the beginning and took that for granted. We thought everyone expected and understood the importance of sustainability,&#8217; Rodrigo concludes, a sentiment shared by most of the founders I met during my week in the nation&#8217;s capital. For me, this just highlighted the disconnect between businesses, travellers, and green-washing companies about what sustainability really means. We&#8217;ve built it into this environmental pinnacle that we all should strive for when really, it&#8217;s often as simple as going back to our roots on the road and getting as stuck into local tourism as we can.&nbsp; Mayra Jiménez, the founder of Manos a la Tierra, an NGO-turned-tourism-business, highlighted this further when she realised that bringing tourists to their eco-focused projects wasn&#8217;t just allowing travellers to witness another side of the country but actively contributing to a more sustainable future through their tour funds.&nbsp; &#8216;Our idea is to connect tourists with nature and different cultures, so they can support our environmental projects while learning more about the local lands&#8217;, she summarised as we passed the colourful trajineras boats of Xochimilco. Most visitors that make it out to this UNESCO listed natural area would only see the &#8216;fun&#8217; side of the canals while being serenaded by Mariachi bands. However, her tours will instead show visitors the ancient agricultural practices of the famed Chinampa farming system, the funds going back into reforestation.&nbsp; Speaking more and more to the owners of these tourism businesses, what struck me most was how important their communities and collaborations were, especially as small businesses fighting to survive on the back of a pandemic. It isn&#8217;t just the individual business collaborating with the Tourism Recovery Programme that are benefiting, but further collaborations with countless local suppliers and companies. Whether it be local artisans performing ceremonies as part of the day trip or reforestation projects being provided with a cut from the tours – that long-promised and often diluted ‘trickle-down-economy’ seemed to be in play here.&nbsp; This is one of the easiest ways we can make an impact as a traveller – by finding tourism companies that employ and support various parties. By removing the cash-heavy international business at the top, there is much more money to spread equally through these partnerships as profits allow.&nbsp; &#8216;Every tourism business is a part of an intricate chain whereby supporting a particular company means that everyone else, from the first supplier to the last customer, benefits from it&#8217;, Manuel from the Tourism Recovery Programme, clarified to me, elaborating on the spectrum of business supported by the programme. Mayra’s NGO, Manos a la Tierra for example, had been collaborating with Casa de la Chinampa for some ten years. Supporting agricultural and environmental projects in the protected area had long been in her remit. Still, now, with their new venture into tourism, they will also be able to further financially support the farmers leading their tours – as agricultural wages alone aren&#8217;t rising in line with inflation.&nbsp; In Casa Jacinta Guest House, it wasn&#8217;t just Andrea Álvarez Sánchez and her family that were gaining support from the programme. With a publishing house, local artists, and a small painting workshop for artists supported by the hotel, many of the unconnected people working in these other outlets would have lost their income if the guest house had collapsed.&nbsp; Now, as more guests check in to this boutique accommodation, more money will funnel down to these artisans, which I personally find so important as the arts are often the first to die when money becomes tight.&nbsp; At the end of my experience with Ruta Páak&#8217;am, after a day of learning all about Nopales (prickly-pear cactuses) in the vast farming fields within Mexico City&#8217;s limits, I was impressed and overwhelmed by just how many different people had taken part in making my day so memorable.&nbsp; ‘There is a lot of collaboration with our tours,&#8217; Alan Martínez, my guide, had told me as we ended the day in a local Mole (celebrated local sauce) factory.&nbsp; &#8216;We&#8217;re helping other small businesses, artists, and producers who rely on word of mouth. We are excited to start welcoming more international visitors to our tours and sharing our culinary heritage together,&#8217; he added, underlining how this brand-new born business was starting on the right foot for everyone in the locality.&nbsp; While I can&#8217;t speak for other countries or denote how much of this collaboration is simply down to the culture and community-focused way of life in Mexico, here, it was certainly much more than hollow words. One of the biggest hurdles for small, local tourism businesses to tackle in a growing world of globalisation is how they can compete with large-scale international tour operators. Often, as travellers, we opt to book a holiday or tour with a brand we know in our home country. Not always because we think it&#8217;s more trustworthy or a better company, but simply because of the time it takes to find a genuinely local operator – especially if the website is not in our mother tongue. While online portals like Viator and Get Your Guide have allowed travellers to reach more local businesses, the commissions and paperwork hurdles often don&#8217;t make this a viable option.&nbsp; Thus, the mentorship and access opportunities created through the Tourism Recovery Programme have been the most valuable part of the whole programme for all of the businesses.&nbsp; The Tourism Recovery Programme is helping owners to fully understand how to take on the barrage of bureaucracy that often comes with advertising in foreign markets. Additionally, in some countries where tours are booked through a WhatsApp message, the digital support and training to create multilingual websites will open a huge opportunity in a world where SEO and Google Algorithms define if a business will sink or swim. &#8216;Most of our clients are from Mexico, and we&#8217;ve been trying to get international visitors into this kind of travel for a while. So the mentorship with TUI Care Foundation and enpact has been such a huge opportunity to professionalise and learn how to work with intentional companies and clients and share the authenticity of Mexico with them,&#8217; Karen Steiner, the founder of Trueke Tours, tells me in the leafy shade of Parque Mexico. A few weeks later, Karen would be travelling to Berlin to attend one of the biggest travel trade shows in the world as a special part of the Tourism Recovery Programme. Sadly, the in-person event was cancelled due to the pandemic, however, a two-week market access training was offered instead. While Trueke initially launched as an NGO seven years ago to support people after natural disasters, it&#8217;s grown and grown, while retaining the same key morals and ethical focus. The next stage is legitimately opening their tours and authentic local experiences to visitors worldwide. Over lunch with Mayra of Manos a la Tierra, we also got into the details of not just the challenge of reaching international travellers but making them aware of all the other experiences in the country. &#8216;Most tourism is to the beach and large resorts, and a lot of visitors miss the culture, beautiful inland places and our communities&#8217; Mayra summarised, underscoring the findings of a 2017 OECD Report that highlighted the nation&#8217;s tourism dependency on mass-market, resort focused tourism.&nbsp; While there is certainly a demand and need for this market, it often does little to contribute to regional economies or local tourism companies. Still, it&#8217;s hard to disrupt as a small business unless you have a way of reaching travellers from far-away countries.&nbsp; As Karen so concisely put it when explaining why they had decided to expand an NGO into a tour company – &#8216;Tourism seemed the perfect way to bring people in to make a positive change through exchange&#8217; – and really, that is everything we as travellers should be aiming for too. Looking back on my time in Mexico City, it seems like a different metropolis from the one I had envisioned as I flicked through my Lonely Planet guidebook on the flight. In one of the busiest and most populated cities globally, I had somehow found an oasis of tranquillity. Businesses operating with sustainability as a culture, not a buzzword, and empowered, independent enterprises keeping traditions and culture alive. Often, when we think about sustainable tourism, our minds wander to lush palm-fringed forests and remote outposts &#8211; yet here, I found the proof that tourism businesses can push the boundaries of community and sustainability even in a mega-city. Certainly, the effects of Covid are going to reverb throughout the tourism industry for years to come, but thanks to opportunities such as The Tourism Recovery Programme, and the work of TUI Care Foundation and enpact alongside support from the German government, there is a little more hope for those affected. For many, the immediate panic of the pandemic was survival, funds and money simply to keep afloat, and while the programme provided this much-needed relief, what I took from all of the business owners I spoke with was the value of the mentorship and support they had received. Not just allowing them to weather the storm but set sail into a new future in the post-pandemic world. Perhaps, this is the future of tourism &#8211; and the words we often tag on the front; responsible, social, community &#8211; all come down to the same thing. Focusing on local, independent, and indigenous businesses and sharing knowledge and best practices so they can grow and welcome more guests from international markets. Why would we need a foreign guide to take us around a destination when the true experts, who love their land and live their culture, can instead? For me, The Tourism Recovery Programme is precisely how we should be supporting businesses in the industry &#8211; giving local businesses the tools to succeed and grow without diminishing their market share through multinationals taking them over. &#8216;We work with businesses that prioritise giving back to their communities, move away from mass tourism, and build more environmentally-conscious experiences,&#8217; Manuel of the Tourism Recovery Programme, told me when we first spoke. Now, as I look back on my short but sweet week in Mexico City, I truly understand the power of this collaboration. Moving forward though, as tourists and travellers navigating through this so-called post-pandemic world, we must ensure we make the right choices, the sustainable choices, and ensure our &#8216;tourism dollar&#8217; goes to local, impactful and community-focused businesses.&nbsp; We all have the power to make tourism a force for good, so let us promise ourselves we will. As we return to doing what we love the most &#8211; exploring this incredible planet &#8211; it&#8217;s up to us all to ensure we aren&#8217;t just taking wonderful stories from the people we meet on our travels but also giving something back, which is often as easy as booking our experiences right at the source. My visit to Mexico was in partnership with the Tourism Recovery Programme &#8211; you can learn more about how this fund and mentorship is supporting local businesses on the link, and find more information about the partners powering the programme on their websites: TUI Care Foundation and enpact. Its been a very tough year for tourism, but Mexico definitely made the best of it staying open. Very happy to see some normalcy return to the world, and hopefully it will be a great year for tourism in Mexico and elsewhere! Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment &#916; Email Address * First Name Articles Destinations Asia Cambodia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Laos Maldives Myanmar Singapore Sri Lanka Vietnam Europe A &#8211; M Albania Austria Bosnia   Herzegovina Bulgaria Czech Republic Denmark Estonia France Germany Greece Iceland Italy Luxembourg Monaco Montenegro Europe N &#8211; U Norway Poland Portugal Russia San Marino Scotland Serbia Slovenia Spain Sweden The Netherlands Turkey United Kingdom Ukraine Other Continents Africa Mauritius Caribbean Aruba Antigua Travel Guide Dominica Middle East Palestine / Israel Oman UAE The Americas Peru The Falkland Islands USA Mexico Oceania Australia Fiji New Zealand Inspo Travel Style Adventure Art and Culture City Breaks Festivals and Events Food and Wine Islands and Beaches Off the beaten path Road Trips Wellness Wildlife and Nature Winter and Off Season Tips &#038; Reviews Accommodation Reviews Travel Tips Technology and Gear Responsible   Eco Tourism Stories &#038; Personal Stories   Faces Journal   Personal Photo Essays &#038; Photo Lists Videos About Hey, I&#8217;m Dan&#8230; More About Dan Other Stuff Freelance Writing Portfolio Who is Dan? Work with Me My Portugal Travel Guide Blog Cookie, Privacy &#038; Disclaimer Policy Search Menu Menu Menu Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube All, Destinations, Mexico, Responsible   Eco Tourism, Stories   Faces, The Americas Home   Destinations   The Americas   Mexico   The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme Home   Destinations   The Americas   Mexico   The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme Destinations   The Americas   Mexico   The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme The Americas   Mexico   The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme Mexico   The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme Savouring Colonia Roma: A food tour around Mexico City’s most gastronomic&hellip; Discover an authentic Mexico City with these sustainable & community-driven&hellip; In the footsteps of the Chinamperos: the authentic side of Mexico City’s&hellip; Casa Jacinta, Coyoacán’s boutique hotel with an artistic soul Trueke Tours Mexico: top attractions meet authentic experiences Ruta Páak’am: a cultural tour through the Nopales of Mexico City 19th April 2022/1 Comment/by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) / 1 Comment / by Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Mexico-City-Centro-Historic-113.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo)2022-04-19 11:18:002022-04-20 11:15:24The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Mexico-City-Centro-Historic-113.jpg 1152 2048 https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Mexico-City-Centro-Historic-113.jpg 1152 2048 Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png https://www.danflyingsolo.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/blogo-1-1030x189.png Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) Daniel James (Dan Flying Solo) 2022-04-19 11:18:00 2022-04-20 11:15:24 The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme The ‘post-pandemic’ lessons we can learn as travellers from the Tourism Recovery Programme 1 reply says: Want to join the discussion? Feel free to contribute! Your email address will not be published. About Me Cookie, Privacy and Disclaimer Policy | Copyright 2013 - 2022 Dan Flying Solo Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Scroll to top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| proxima [x][x] Courier 10 Pitch [x][x] Montserrat [x][x] Astra [x][x] Oswald [x][x] sans [x][x] Helvetica [x][x] Oswald [x][x] inherit [x][x] Astra [x][x] Astra [x][x] Astra ||| Family Travel Blog + Outdoor Adventure - y Travel Blog UNPLUG from the chaos, follow your BLISS, TRAVEL more and create better MEMORIES We did not ditch the cubicle to travel the world - we never sat in it in the first place. Travel was, is, and always will be what we create our life around. We're here to show you how travel can EVOLVE with you, and prove it's possible even with kids. We've lived in 5 countries, traveled through over 50 countries, and have done it NO MATTER what our life circumstances (that's over 23 years of experiences). Recent epic adventures include a 12 month USA road trip in an RV, and an 18-month road trip around Australia. Our home base is now Raleigh, North Carolina. We've traded the full-time travel for shorter trips through the USA, Europe and further afield. Allow us to be your travel guides. Currently creating content on our 2 Week London trip. Click button below to for London tips and inspirations Here is where you'll find some of our best travel tips for traveling with kids, saving money for travel, planning your trip, and unbelievable destinations. Just why do we love to travel so much? It's an experience that goes beyond checking things off a list and counting countries. It's about a deeper connection to ourselves, to others, and to Mother Earth. When we step outside the boundaries of our comforts we get to know who we truly are and expand our possibilities. We have been exploring the USA in depth for years. Here are a few of our favorites! Check out this article if you are having trouble choosing a destination We recorded a series of podcasts, to share how we've made travel work no matter our lifestyle. From solo travel before we met, to couples travel and a 5 year honeymoon, a period of darkness where EVERYTHING went wrong (but gave birth to this family travel blog, to family travel around Australia and a USA RV trip and successful travel blogging and getting a green card! A lifetime commitment to travel involves many sacrifices (all of them worth it!) Here is an insight into our life, the challenges we've overcome, and how we are qualified to be your expert travel guides! Travel has been the focus of our life since 1997 - intentionally. We don't plan on stopping that. We now have a base in Raleigh, NC - after being granted a Green Card for our extraordinary ability in the art of travel blogging. We will continue to explore more of the US but also intend on traveling further abroad - Europe, South East Asia and Central and South America. We can't wait to share more of our favorites as we experience them. Be sure to join our free VIP email community and get lots of freebies plus insider tips. And connect with us on social for live updates! Lonely Planet Travel and Leisure Forbes Fox Business Cheddar Today Show Search &hellip; Main Menu Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle UNPLUG BLISS TRAVEL MEMORIES USA TRAVEL FAMILY TRAVEL AUSTRALIA TRAVEL TRAVEL PLANNING G'DAY WE'RE THE MAKEPEACE FAMILY Proving travel does not have to stop after kids! Latest on the blog London Travel Content TOP TRAVEL TIPS GET INSPIRED TO TRAVEL usa DESTINATIONS & EXPERIENCES TO LOVE USA NATIONAL PARKS NORTH CAROLINA USA ROAD TRIP IDEAS CALIFORNIA USA EXPERIENCES NEW YORK CITY OUR TRAVEL STORY FOLLOW OUR CURRENT ADVENTURES As Seen In y Travel Blog Scroll to Top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| proxima [x][x] Courier 10 Pitch [x][x] Montserrat [x][x] Astra [x][x] sans [x][x] Helvetica [x][x] Oswald [x][x] inherit [x][x] Astra [x][x] Astra [x][x] Astra ||| Family Travel Advice - y Travel Blog Welcome to our family travel tips page! If you are looking for advice and resources on how to travel with kids, this page is for you! We live our life according to our values: freedom, adventure, growth, joy, connection and contribution. That brings us happiness and fulfillment no matter where our suitcases may be. Travel does not have to stop once you have kids. We made it our priority despite everyone telling us our travels were over. 13 years later, our girls have lived in two countries, traveled to close to 10 countries, and traveled Australia and the US in-depth. We homeschool AND run our profession and full time travel blog together. It’s given us a rich and fulfilling life where we prioritize moments and memories together over possessions. Click here so we can help you plan a family travel experience everyone will love. Travel with kids needn’t be a hassle. In fact, it can be one of the best experiences you have as a family. The key ingredients to a smooth family vacation when traveling with kids are to pay attention to their needs, and find the right balance between rest time and activities.. Bored and overtired children become cranky and frustrated kids in a hurry. Whilst our style of travel has evolved throughout the years from being solo travelers, to a couple, and now a family travel, there are some core travel habits that have served us well, and we continue to follow them to this day. Here's where you'll find some of our best family travel tips including making family travel affordable, surviving a road trip with kids, making hikes with kids a fun reality, and not losing your sanity while flying with children and many more! Do you want to travel more with your kids but are unsure how to balance it with school? Are you thinking of homeschooling your child? Or perhaps unschooling, worldschooling or roadschooling where you pretty much let travel and life take care of your child's learning? Imagine the freedom that comes with that - more time for authentic family connections and lifelong memories. Here's how and why I (Caz) can help you: Here are our top posts on homeschooling and travel We love to choose destinations that are filled with outdoor adventure, natural beauty, and cultural celebration. Our family travel experiences so far have mostly been with young children so we focused on easy road trip destinations. As we travel full time AND work online, we have chosen ease and comfort over extreme adventure + we love to travel SLOW and explore a region IN-DEPTH. Most of our family destination articles (so far) are from our travels around Australia (3+ years) the USA (3+ years) and smaller trips to South East Asia. Follow us on Instagram and YouTube as we start traveling further abroad - we see you Europe and Central America. When I fell pregnant with our eldest, Kalyra, I was stunned by how many people took great delight in telling me our travels were now over. Why does that have to be true? It doesn't and we set out to successfully prove them wrong. That's great news for you because we've been traveling with our two girls (now 13   9) since they were born- full time since 2013. Don't ever let anyone tell you your dreams aren't possible. They may rob you of cherished memories and unbelievable opportunities. We've collected a lot of insights for each stage of family travel, which we share below! There are a lot of options when looking for the best family travel resources. It can give you a major headache doing all the research. Some days you’re lucky to have a shower (or bath the kids). You’ve got better things to do, like spend time with your kids and travel more. That’s why you’re connected to us – we do the research for you and let you know what we think is the best from that. Let us know in the comments what else you need help with! Yep. There are a lot of reasons you won’t consider family travel or quit after your first trip! It's definitely not like how travel used to be when it was just you or you and your partner. But don't worry, you can make it work and overcome those hurdles. It's so worth it that you do! If you are prepared for the potential problems, and you plan correctly, the rewards of traveling with your kids far outweigh the negatives. Here's a few of our favorite resorts and family style accommodations we have enjoyed over the years. Travel has been the focus of our life since 1997 - intentionally. We don't plan on stopping that. We now have a base in Raleigh, NC - after being granted a Green Card for our extraordinary ability in the art of travel blogging. We will continue to explore more of the US but also intend on traveling further abroad - Europe, South East Asia and Central and South America. We can't wait to share more of our favorites as we experience them. Be sure to join our free VIP email community - form below to stay connected and grab some free travel reources! And connect with us on social for live udpates! Search &hellip; Main Menu Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle FAMILY TRAVEL ADVICE TOP FAMILY TRAVEL TIPS TIPS FOR SCHOOL AND TRAVEL (ROADSCHOOL/ HOMESCHOOL) READ ALL HOMESCHOOLING POSTS AMAZING FAMILY TRAVEL DESTINATIONS SEE ALL DESTINATIONS AGE SPECIFIC TIPS BEST FAMILY TRAVEL GEAR & RESOURCES OVERCOMING FAMILY TRAVEL CHALLENGES FAMILY ACCOMMODATION TO LOVE FEATURED VIDEO FOLLOW OUR CURRENT ADVENTURES ALL FAMILY TRAVEL ARTICLES 1 &hellip; y Travel Blog Scroll to Top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| proxima [x][x] Courier 10 Pitch [x][x] Montserrat [x][x] Astra [x][x] sans [x][x] Helvetica [x][x] Oswald [x][x] inherit [x][x] Astra [x][x] Astra [x][x] Astra ||| Travel Planning Tips - y Travel Blog Do you find travel planning overwhelming and time consuming? We're here to help. Travel has been our lifestyle for over 22 years now - most of that involved nomadic full tine travel. We made it work as solo travelers, travel as a couple, expat travelers, family travelers, and location independent travelers. We have lived in 5 countries and traveled to over 50, in-depth through Australia, USA, Southeast Asia, UK, and Africa. We aim to share with you information based upon personal experiences NOT desk research or collaborations! This is real, authentic travel to help you do the same. On this page, we'll point you towards our best travel tips and best travel websites we use to plan a vacation and book flights, hotels, tours, and attractions. Plus our best travel tips on how to access your money on the road, buying travel insurance, travel packing tips, finding places to eat, getting visas and immunizations, and much more! Whilst our style of travel has evolved from solo travel to traveling as a couple and to now traveling as a family of four, there are some core travel habits that have served us well, and we continue to follow them to this day. For us, travel is not just about checking places off our list. Our motto has always been “accumulate memories and moments, not just possessions”, and we like to do that through travel. Here are some of our best travel tips to help you have a memorable travel experience. When choosing your travel destinations, it depends on factors like: Figure those things out first, then your options for where you can go start to take shape. If you need help choosing your destination, check out the following posts filled with useful tips. Otherwise scroll down to choose the destination you are interested in for many of our tips and highlights. Click the image to see the articles we have on that particular style of travel. Despite taking hundreds of flights, flying is not something I enjoy doing. It's the whole hassle of the flying experience caused by long immigration and security lines, baggage hassles and strict limits, cramped quarters, and what seems to be a trend of little to no service. But, if it means at the end of it is a fun travel experience, then I will gladly fly! We share a few of our flying tips including how to survive with kids and secret jet lag tips. Road trips are our preferred mode of travel. We have road tripped extensively in Australia, the USA, UK and Europe. It's effortless, flexible, more affordable, and allows you to carry more people and possessions. Not that we advocate for over packing, but for adventurous family travelers who also blog and take photos and videos', its's nice to have extra space to pack beloved items like stand up paddle boards and blenders! Plus, we love being able to explore more lessor known destinations and off the beaten path adventures. Kids will always appreciate having a tiny space of comfort that remains the same while everything around them is in constant change. Here are a few of our best road trip tips. I know. We don’t like having to buy travel insurance either. And I don’t even like talking about it or having to do research and compare the best travel insurance companies. It’s never an exciting topic, I’d much rather just talk about planning a trip with my kids and grandparents. When you think about it, paying for a travel insurance premium is one of those things you pay for in the hopes you never need to use it. But you are here now, and before I get into my tips for buying the best travel insurance policy, let me just say this, “If you can’t afford travel insurance, then you can’t afford to travel”. It’s that simple. Here are a few of our travel insurance tips. We are ambassadors for Alliance travel - since 2017. We take you through some 15 simple steps to planning a trip! Press play and be sure to share it with your friends! Enjoy the fun of travel planning. Are you a cruise fanatic or considering it as travel option? We don't typically take cruise vacations anymore but did enjoy it when we did. It's the vacation for those who want to switch off and have fun while everything is taken care of for you! You'll find some of our best tips below! Travel can be extremely taxing on your whole self: physically, mentally, spiritually and emotionally. The constant planning and movement from one place to another exhausts your energy and drains your brain. Plus the lack of consistency with habits, routines, and healthy eating can cause complete chaos for your body. Let's face it - we like to indulge when we travel, which is so much fun at the time, but filled with regret long after. Then there is so much more to think about in terms of diseases, illnesses, and injuries. Here are a few of our tips on staying healthy on the road. In 2002, just three days after our wedding, we took off overseas for what turned out to be a five year honeymoon. We learned a lot about couples travel. Travelling as a couple is either going to make you or break you. We took the risk as newlyweds and its safe to say it made us. Living out of each others pockets 24/7 can be extremely challenging, yet has its definite rewards. We share a few of our favorite tips and funny mishaps. Of course you want to capture amazing memories on your travels. You don't really need the best camera equipment to do so. You can capture great photos just on your phone. We share a few simple photography tips anyone can follow. Travel has been the focus of our life since 1997 - intentionally. We don't plan on stopping that. We now have a base in Raleigh, NC - after being granted a Green Card for our extraordinary ability in the art of travel blogging. We will continue to explore more of the US but also intend on traveling further abroad - Europe, South East Asia and Central and South America. We can't wait to share more of our favorites as we experience them. Be sure to join our free VIP email community - form below for free resources and planning checklists. And connect with us on social for live udpates! Want help planning your travels? Our free pre-departure checklists will save you time and ensure you don't miss an important step. Our free VIP email community gets access to a range of checklists, tipping guides, and itinerary ideas. All easy to print off and follow PDF formats! Fill in the form to join. Search &hellip; Main Menu Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Toggle TRAVEL PLANNING TIPS TOP TRAVEL TIPS SEE ALL TRAVEL TIPS TOP TRAVEL PLANNING AND BOOKING TIPS WHAT IS YOUR TRAVEL STYLE? WORK ABROAD SOLO TRAVEL FAMILY TRAVEL RV, CARAVAN, CAMPING FLIGHT TIPS ROAD TRIP TIPS FANTASTIC ROAD TRIP DESTINATIONS IDEAS AUSTRALIAN ROAD TRIPS USA ROAD TRIPS SEE ALL DESTINATIONS TRAVEL INSURANCE TIPS FEATURED VIDEO: How to Plan your Trip CRUISE TIPS STAYING HEALTHY ON THE ROAD BEST COUPLES TRAVEL TIPS PHOTOGRAPHY TIPS CHECK OUT OUR PHOTOGRAPHY GEAR FOLLOW OUR CURRENT ADVENTURES FREE TRAVEL PLANNING CHECKLISTS ALL TRAVEL PLANNING ARTICLES 1 &hellip; y Travel Blog Scroll to Top System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming ||| Roboto ||| YouTube System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| About YouTube - YouTube Our mission is to give everyone a voice and show them the world. We believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share and build community through our stories. About YouTube Products For Business For Creators Our Commitments System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming ||| Roboto [x][x] YouTube Sans ||| Contactați-ne Dacă aveți nevoie de ajutor, accesați Centrul nostru de ajutor. Aici veți găsi răspunsuri pentru multe întrebări frecvente despre crearea unui cont, vizionarea și încărcarea videoclipurilor și întreținerea canalului dvs. Dacă nu puteți găsi ceea ce căutați în Centrul de ajutor, vă sugerăm să accesați Forumul de ajutor al comunității. Vă confruntați cu o eroare? Consultați pagina noastră Probleme curente ale site-ului pentru a vedea o listă de probleme cunoscute pe care ne străduim să le rezolvăm. Această zonă include informații de contact media, comunicate de presă, reportaje redate în fundal, întrebări frecvente și cronologia noastră interactivă. Dacă te interesează să te alături Programului de parteneriat YouTube, accesează pagina cu informații, pentru a afla mai multe. Oricine poate să își difuzeze campania publicitară pe YouTube și să acceseze cea mai mare comunitate video online, de la un advertiser de nivel AdAge 100 până la un distribuitor local.Aflați elementele de bază ale publicității pe YouTube. Pentru probleme legate de abuzuri pe site, te rugăm să ne contactezi prin intermediul Centrului pentru politici și prevenirea abuzurilor. Dacă vrei să raportezi o problemă de securitate în privința site-ului YouTube, contactează-ne aici. Dacă ești proprietarul drepturilor de autor ale unui videoclip și consideri că acesta a fost încărcat fără permisiunea ta, te rugăm să urmează aceste instrucțiuni pentru a trimite o notificare de încălcare a drepturilor de autor. Dacă vrei să participi la programul Content ID, vizitează pagina Sistemul Content ID. Pentru a raporta un videoclip neadecvat de pe YouTube, dă clic pe linkul „Semnalează” de sub videoclip. Pentru detalii despre politica noastră, citește Termenii și condițiile. Dacă ești dezvoltator sau ești interesat(ă) de API-urile noastre, accesează Zona dedicată dezvoltatorilor. Consultați toate oportunitățile de distribuire gratuită a conținutului dvs. pe Google, inclusiv Google Gadgets, Google Product Search, Local Business Center și Google Cărți. Puteți contacta YouTube la adresa de mai jos. Google LLC, D/B/A YouTube 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066 USA Fax: +1 650-253-0001 RO System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| YouTube Community Guidelines   Policies - How YouTube Works YouTube has always had a set of Community Guidelines that outline what type of content isn’t allowed on YouTube. These policies apply to all types of content on our platform, including videos, comments, links, and thumbnails. Our Community Guidelines are a key part of our broader suite of policies and are regularly updated in consultation with outside experts and YouTube creators to keep pace with emerging challenges. We enforce these Community Guidelines using a combination of human reviewers and machine learning, and apply them to everyone equally—regardless of the subject or the creator’s background, political viewpoint, position, or affiliation. Our policies aim to make YouTube a safer community while still giving creators the freedom to share a broad range of experiences and perspectives. You'll find a full list of our Community Guidelines below: In addition to Community Guidelines, creators who want to monetize content on YouTube must comply with Monetization Policies. Each of our policies is carefully thought through so they are consistent, well-informed, and can be applied to content from around the world. They’re developed in consultation with a wide range of external industry and policy experts, as well as YouTube Creators. New policies go through multiple rounds of testing before they go live to ensure our global team of content reviewers can apply them accurately and consistently. This work is never finished, and we are always evaluating our policies to understand how we can better strike a balance between keeping the YouTube community protected and giving everyone a voice. 500 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute. That’s a lot of content, which is why our teams come together to make sure that what you see on our platform follows our Community Guidelines. To do that, we combine the power of advanced machine learning systems and our community itself to flag potentially problematic content. Our expert reviewers then remove flagged content that violates our Community Guidelines. With hundreds of hours of new content uploaded to YouTube every minute, we use a combination of people and machine learning to detect problematic content at scale. Machine learning is well-suited to detect patterns, which helps us to find content similar to other content we’ve already removed, even before it’s viewed. We also recognize that the best way to quickly remove content is to anticipate problems before they emerge. Our Intelligence Desk monitors the news, social media, and user reports to detect new trends surrounding inappropriate content, and works to make sure our teams are prepared to address them before they can become a larger issue. The YouTube community also plays an important role in flagging content they think is inappropriate. If you see content that you think violates Community Guidelines, you can use our flagging feature to submit content for review. We developed the YouTube Trusted Flagger program to provide robust content reporting processes to non-governmental organizations (NGOs) with expertise in a policy area and government agencies. Participants receive training on YouTube policies and have a direct path of communication with our Trust   Safety specialists. Videos flagged by Trusted Flaggers are not automatically removed. They are subject to the same human review as videos flagged by any other user, but we may expedite review by our teams. NGOs also receive occasional online training on YouTube policies. Sometimes videos that might otherwise violate our Community Guidelines may be allowed to stay on YouTube if the content offers a compelling reason with visible context for viewers. We often refer to this exception as “EDSA,” which stands for “Educational, Documentary, Scientific or Artistic”. To help determine whether a video might qualify for an EDSA exception, we look at multiple factors, including the video title, descriptions, and the context provided. EDSA exceptions are a critical way we make sure that important speech stays on YouTube, while protecting the wider YouTube ecosystem from harmful content. Machine learning systems help us identify and remove spam automatically, as well as remove re-uploads of content we’ve already reviewed and determined violates our policies. YouTube takes action on other flagged videos after review by trained human reviewers. They assess whether the content does indeed violate our policies, and protect content that has an educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic purpose. Our reviewer teams remove content that violates our policies and age-restrict content that may not be appropriate for all audiences. Reviewers' inputs are then used to train and improve the accuracy of our systems at a much larger scale. If our reviewers decide that content violates our Community Guidelines, we remove the content and send a notice to the Creator. The first time a Creator violates our Community Guidelines, they receive a warning with no penalty to the channel. After one warning, we’ll issue a Community Guidelines strike to the channel and the account will have temporary restrictions including not being allowed to upload videos, live streams, or stories for a 1-week period. Channels that receive three strikes within a 90-day period will be terminated. Channels that are dedicated to violating our policies or that have a single case of severe abuse of the platform, will bypass our strikes system and be terminated. All strikes and terminations can be appealed if the Creator believes there was an error, and our teams will re-review the decision. Sometimes content doesn't violate our Community Guidelines, but may not be appropriate for viewers under 18 years of age. In these cases, our review team will place an age restriction on the video so it will not be visible to viewers under 18 years of age, logged-out users, or to those who have Restricted Mode enabled. Creators can also choose to age restrict their own content at upload if they think it’s not suitable for younger audiences. Managing harmful content How does YouTube manage harmful content? Standing up to hate How does YouTube protect the community from hate and harassment? Fighting misinformation How does YouTube combat misinformation? Curbing extremist content How does YouTube prevent radicalization? Supporting political integrity How does YouTube support civic engagement and election integrity? Preventing bias What does YouTube do to prevent bias? Fostering child safety How does YouTube help keep kids protected on the platform? Protecting user data How does YouTube maintain user privacy? Safeguarding copyright How does YouTube protect copyrighted content? Sharing revenue How does YouTube make money? Promoting digital wellbeing How does YouTube support users’ digital wellbeing? Responding to COVID-19 How is YouTube supporting users during COVID-19? YouTube Search How our search tool can help you find content you&#39;ll love Recommended videos How we recommend content we think you&#39;ll want to watch News and information How we provide context for your search results and videos Health information How we provide context for health queries Monetization for Creators How Creators earn money on YouTube YouTube Live How you can reach your community in real time with Live and Premieres Privacy controls How we protect your information and what you can do to control your privacy Ad Settings How our advertising works and how to customize your ad experience Parental controls How you can create a family friendly experience Autoplay How Autoplay works and how to turn it off Policies overview How our rules and policies help keep our platform safe Community Guidelines How we define what we do and don’t allow on YouTube Copyright How we help Creators responsibly manage their content Monetization policies How Creators can monetize their content as part of the YouTube Partner Program Legal removals How we approach content that violates local law Responsibility through the years How we&#39;ve been building a more responsible platform over the years Progress on managing harmful content How we&#39;re enforcing our policies on harmful content by the numbers Our impact How creative entrepreneurs are transforming their lives and communities Culture and trends How to better understand the next generation of Creators and artists Advancing sustainability How we&#39;re investing in a carbon-free future Downloadable summaries Download shareable summaries of essential content on this website about our responsibility efforts Advertiser resources Find resources and quick guides on Brand Safety for advertisers Brand resources Access brand resources such as our YouTube logo, color palettes, and permissions form Rules and policies Community Guidelines Spam   deceptive practices Sensitive content Violent or dangerous content Regulated goods Misinformation Resources Resources Resources Related articles Progress on managing harmful content Managing harmful content Legal removals About YouTube Products For Business For Creators Our Commitments System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Video streaming |||  ||| Online Video Advertising Campaigns - YouTube Advertising Foodies down the block. Fashionistas across the country. YouTube connects you to the people who matter most to your business. Njord Rota, Owner, Majestic Heli Ski Turn viewers into customers, on any budget. YouTube Ads uses Google data to match your message to the right people at the right moment. Kim Thompson,Spark Foundry YouTube Ads make it easy for people to choose your business. Get more purchases, subscribers, website visits, and more. Stephanie Syberg,Owner and Developer Tulane's Closet Foodies down the block. Fashionistas across the country. YouTube connects you to the people who matter most to your business. Njord Rota, Owner, Majestic Heli Ski Turn viewers into customers, on any budget. YouTube Ads uses Google data to match your message to the right people at the right moment. Kim Thompson,Spark Foundry YouTube Ads make it easy for people to choose your business. Get more purchases, subscribers, website visits, and more. Stephanie Syberg,Owner and Developer Tulane's Closet Viewers say they’re 2x more likely to buy something they saw on YouTube.1 Over 70% of viewers say that YouTube makes them more aware of new brands.2 Viewers are 4x more likely to use YouTube versus other platforms to find information about a brand, product, or service.3 Anyone can make a YouTube ad that gets results. Create a video right on your phone, use our free tools and resources, or find the perfect partner to help. 1 Versus the competitive average. Source: Google/Talkshoppe, US, whyVideo study, n=2000, ages 18-64, general population video users, Feb 2020. 2,3 Source: Google/Talkshoppe, US, whyVideo study, n=2000, ages 18-64, general population video users, Feb 2020. In the below terms, "Google Ads" may mean Google Ads or Google Ads Express, as appropriate. Full terms and conditions can be found here How it works Resources 1-877-763-9810 Grow your business with YouTube&nbsp;Ads Reach potential customers where they're watching. Get started now – and start getting&nbsp;results. 2X X 70% % 4X X Everything you need to make a great&nbsp;ad Get started with YouTube&nbsp;Ads About YouTube Products For Business For Creators Our Commitments System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) |||  |||  Booking.com | Official site | The best hotels, flights, car rentals & accommodations Get rewarded for your travels – unlock instant savings of 10% or more with a free Booking.com account Get the advice you need. Check the latest COVID-19 restrictions before you travel. Learn more Plan your dream trip with a Getaway Deal 861,364 hotels 824,571 apartments 17,917 resorts 431,282 villas 33,868 cabins 144,561 cottages 11,957 Glamping Sites 33,789 serviced apartments 431,282 vacation homes 102,920 guest houses 16,497 hostels 13,072 motels 198,895 B&Bs 2,059 ryokans 1,204 riads 5,665 resort villages 135,992 homestays 9,022 campgrounds 11,992 country houses 10,829 farm stays 1,344 boats 3,657 luxury tents 725,937 Self-catering Properties 480 tiny houses Check these must-see spots off your list. Marvel at the spectacle of mother nature at these fascinating locations. The best places to enjoy spring around the world. Celebrate Fashion Week in style at one of these trendsetting spots. Vegan-friendly eateries abound in these travel destinations… Prices drop the second you sign up! Error: Please enter a valid email address. Error: Oops! An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can confirm your subscription Rome Starting from $305 Barcelona Starting from $357 Split Starting from $137 Nice Starting from $262 Prague Starting from $179 94 properties 56 properties 78 properties 62 properties 58 properties Error: Please enter a valid email address. Error: Oops! An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can confirm your subscription List your property Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. We have more than 70 million property reviews, all from real, verified guests. 1 The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more. 3 After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Check-in date Check-out date USD Choose your currency. Your current currency is U.S. Dollar USD Choose your currency. Your current currency is U.S. Dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (US) Choose your language. Your current language is English (US) Get help with your reservation Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis A lifetime of discounts? It's Genius. Sign in / Register Type your destination Error: + + Rooms and occupancy 2 adults &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; 0 children &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; 1 room 2 adults &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; 0 children 0 children &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; 1 room 1 room &minus; 2 + 2 Adults Ages 0 – 17 &minus; 0 + 0 Children &minus; 1 + 1 Rooms Search Explore deals Explore United States of America These popular destinations have a lot to offer Las Vegas 565 properties Myrtle Beach 2,643 properties Orlando 3,687 properties New York 1,381 properties Miami Beach 719 properties Destin 2,342 properties Panama City Beach 2,079 properties Los Angeles 1,715 properties San Diego 1,401 properties Atlanta 923 properties Sign me up! Error: Error: Appartamento Benincampi Midtown Apartments Sun Spalato Views Beautiful apartment by the sea front The Old Town Square   Parizska Apartments Sign in Register Regions Cities Places of interest 9,606 properties 934 properties 1,641 properties 1,762 properties 5,290 properties 1,453 properties 89 properties 5,515 properties 834 properties 412 properties 61 properties 4,379 properties 59 properties 5,497 properties 12,683 properties 2,405 properties 763 properties 113 properties 74,030 properties M&aacute;cher, Spain , , , , Rankwitz, Germany , , , , Pruchten, Germany , , , , Loborika, Croatia , , , , Marienfelde, Germany , , , , Sirkka, Finland , , , , Bangkok 4040 hotels York 827 hotels Newcastle upon Tyne 388 hotels Manchester 1089 hotels London 14508 hotels Liverpool 1080 hotels Leeds 382 hotels Glasgow 916 hotels Edinburgh 3342 hotels Carbis Bay 69 hotels Brighton   Hove 857 hotels Bournemouth 404 hotels Blackpool 897 hotels Birmingham 1011 hotels Stockholm 435 hotels Manila 4799 hotels Kuala Lumpur 4227 hotels Amsterdam 1891 hotels New Delhi 2914 hotels Mumbai 1652 hotels Berlin 1752 hotels Sydney 3621 hotels Perth 887 hotels Melbourne 2832 hotels Gold Coast 1574 hotels Canberra 184 hotels Brisbane 894 hotels Adelaide 416 hotels Wellington 164 hotels Auckland 1682 hotels Killarney 263 hotels Galway 404 hotels Dublin 1220 hotels Cork 138 hotels Paris 7554 hotels Hong Kong 811 hotels Doha 161 hotels Ras al Khaimah 113 hotels Dubai 4297 hotels Fujairah 22 hotels Ajman 81 hotels Abu Dhabi 169 hotels Istanbul 4215 hotels Seoul 2308 hotels Vancouver 627 hotels Toronto 2029 hotels Ottawa 240 hotels Niagara Falls 253 hotels Montreal 1118 hotels Kelowna 214 hotels Jasper 55 hotels Edmonton 274 hotels Canmore 149 hotels Banff 50 hotels Barcelona 3308 hotels Tokyo 5652 hotels Singapore 807 hotels Whistler 332 hotels Rotorua 279 hotels Queenstown 823 hotels 327 properties 14,509 properties 21 properties 7,558 properties 75 properties 7,558 properties 767 properties 14,509 properties 247 properties 43 properties 14,509 properties 327 properties 3,685 properties 62 properties 4,298 properties 1 property 1,382 properties 9 properties 670 properties Error: Error: Start of dialog content It starts with a booking Followed by a trip And finally, a review End of dialog content &laquo; &raquo; Close calendar Sign in to your account or use one of these options 1518980,1525740|1,1509400|8,1535180,1529850,1516530,1464770,1522670,1509400|4,1525740,1509400|2,1518210,1526850|1,1529860,1505850,1505100,1524480,1509400,1526850 System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) ||| BlinkMacSystemFont ||| Day Trip to Maramures on a Mocanita Steam Train Cluj-Napoca – Booking.com A guided day trip to discover a historic forest railway On this guided tour, you will be able to explore a unique historic forest railway through the Mocanita of the Vaser Valley. You will have the chance to see the beautiful landscape on a steam train. During the tour, you will be able to discover the well-preserved traditions in the Maramures. In addition, you will get to learn about the interesting combination of the tradition and technology represented by the Mocanita of the Vaser Valley. This tour is available for a minimum of two participants and a maximum of eight participants. This tour includes pickup in front of your hotel or accommodations in Cluj-Napoca. Pickup details need to be confirmed with the supplier. Supplier contact details will be on the voucher. This tour is available in these languages: English (UK). Operated by Carpathian Travel Center Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car Rentals Attractions Airport Taxis More Coronavirus (COVID-19) update Show all 9 photos Show all 9 photos Coronavirus (COVID-19) update Home Home Cluj-Napoca Cluj-Napoca Attractions Attractions Day Trip to Maramures on a Mocanita Steam Train See tickets and prices Europe's historic forest railway to Viseu de Sus Adventure on a Mocanita Steam Train Chance to learn about the traditions in Maramures Admire Vaser Valley English-speaking guide Transportation by an air-conditioned vehicle Train ticket Tips (optional) System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) |||  ||| Hotels by Hilton - Book the Best Rates Across All Brands That &quot;anything is possible&quot; season is almost here. Where will you spend it? Even more ways to make our favorite season even more enjoyable. Explore how you can best soak up all summer has to offer. Let the days tick down until you’re celebrating summer. Hilton Honors members get more value from stays with exclusive member rates, lowest price guarantee, and free WiFi. You&#x27;ll also enjoy more flexibility and control with Contactless Arrival with our Hilton Honors app. Plus, earn Points on every stay that you can use toward free nights or redeem them with our exclusive partners. You have everything you need to keep your stay safe and smooth with three easy steps on the Hilton Honors app: check in, choose your room, and unlock your door with Digital Key. To help you get back to making new memories, we&#x27;re extending your benefits again! Enjoy more time to use the rewards you&#x27;ve already earned, plus earn rewards even faster. Offers unforgettable experiences at iconic destinations around the world. A luxury collection of distinctive hotels and resorts offering singular service and local experiences. Offers smart luxury travelers inspiring connections and intuitive service in a world of style. Energizing neighborhood hotels with thoughtful extras, creating a positive stay. Premier Meetings   Events hotels in highly sought-after urban and resort destinations. The global leader in hospitality. A collection of unique hotels, each with its own history and character in cities across the globe. Warm. Comfortable. Friendly. Providing true upscale comfort to today&#x27;s business and leisure travelers. Weaving an independent, original spirit into every stay, with Hilton reliability. Relaxed, upscale environment with all-suite locations in the U.S., Canada and Latin America. An approachable lifestyle hotel that is thoughtfully designed, uplifting, and within reach Motto offers a micro-hotel with an urban vibe in prime global locations. Hilton Garden Inn is the laid-back sophisticated brand offering heartfelt service and award-winning amenities. From the signature bed to friendly service, every moment is crafted to bring a smile to our guest&#x27;s face. A game-changing brand that&#x27;s simplified, spirited, and grounded in value for guests with a zest for life. Whether you stay 2 nights or 2 weeks, Homewood Suites delivers the comforts of home with the added conveniences of a hotel. Offering flexible room configurations and inspired amenities for our guests. Offering spacious studios to multi-bedroom suites in the most celebrated vacation destinations Call us, it&#x27;s toll-free. ©2022 Hilton Hilton Portfolio Locations Offers Meetings   Events Credit Cards Sign In Where to? 19 20 Previous Month Next Month Choose Sunday, May 1st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 1 Choose Monday, May 2nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 2 Choose Tuesday, May 3rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 3 Choose Wednesday, May 4th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 4 Choose Thursday, May 5th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 5 Choose Friday, May 6th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 6 Choose Saturday, May 7th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 7 Choose Sunday, May 8th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 8 Choose Monday, May 9th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 9 Choose Tuesday, May 10th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 10 Choose Wednesday, May 11th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 11 Choose Thursday, May 12th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 12 Choose Friday, May 13th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 13 Choose Saturday, May 14th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 14 Choose Sunday, May 15th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 15 Choose Monday, May 16th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 16 Choose Tuesday, May 17th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 17 Choose Wednesday, May 18th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 18 Choose Thursday, May 19th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 19 Choose Friday, May 20th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 20 Choose Saturday, May 21st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 21 Choose Sunday, May 22nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 22 Choose Monday, May 23rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 23 Choose Tuesday, May 24th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 24 Choose Wednesday, May 25th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 25 Choose Thursday, May 26th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 26 Choose Friday, May 27th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 27 Choose Saturday, May 28th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 28 Choose Sunday, May 29th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 29 Choose Monday, May 30th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 30 Choose Tuesday, May 31st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 31 Choose Wednesday, June 1st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 1 Choose Thursday, June 2nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 2 Choose Friday, June 3rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 3 Choose Saturday, June 4th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 4 Choose Sunday, June 5th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 5 Choose Monday, June 6th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 6 Choose Tuesday, June 7th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 7 Choose Wednesday, June 8th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 8 Choose Thursday, June 9th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 9 Choose Friday, June 10th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 10 Choose Saturday, June 11th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 11 Choose Sunday, June 12th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 12 Choose Monday, June 13th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 13 Choose Tuesday, June 14th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 14 Choose Wednesday, June 15th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 15 Choose Thursday, June 16th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 16 Choose Friday, June 17th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 17 Choose Saturday, June 18th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 18 Choose Sunday, June 19th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 19 Choose Monday, June 20th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 20 Choose Tuesday, June 21st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 21 Choose Wednesday, June 22nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 22 Choose Thursday, June 23rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 23 Choose Friday, June 24th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 24 Choose Saturday, June 25th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 25 Choose Sunday, June 26th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 26 Choose Monday, June 27th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 27 Choose Tuesday, June 28th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 28 Choose Wednesday, June 29th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 29 Choose Thursday, June 30th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 30 My Dates are Flexible Rooms Adults(18+) (18+) Kids 1 adult, 0 kids Room 1 Remove adult from room 1 1 adult1 1 adult 1 Add adult to room 1 Remove kid from room 1 0 kids0 0 kids 0 Add kid to room 1 0 Use Points Travel Agents AAA Rate AARP Rate Senior Rate Government Rates Promotion Code Group Code Corporate Account Book a beach trip with sun, fun,   waves to get primed for summer. Explore Now Book a beach trip with sun, fun,   waves to get primed for summer. Explore Now Next 0 tabs Advances to the next brand phone+1-800-HILTONS phone Facebook, Opens new window Opens new window Twitter, Opens new window Opens new window Instagram, Opens new window Opens new window Travel Inspiration Pet-Friendly Stays Hilton Gift Card Global Privacy Statement Site Map Careers Development Media Web Accessibility Customer Support Cookies Statement Site Usage Agreement Personal Data Requests Do Not Sell My Personal Information Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking , Opens new window Opens new window Hilton Honors Discount Terms   Conditions Corporate Responsibility , Opens new window Opens new window Hilton Hotline System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) |||  ||| Hilton All-Inclusive Resorts and Vacation Hotels Take a sunset stroll along a white-sand beach. Savor new flavors and cuisines. Swim among world-famous coral reefs. Our All-Inclusive resorts offer inspiring destinations and exceptional Hilton hospitality to create the most memorable of stays. Take a sunset stroll along a white-sand beach. Savor new flavors and cuisines. Swim among world-famous coral reefs. Our All-Inclusive resorts offer inspiring destinations and exceptional Hilton hospitality to create the most memorable of stays. Looking for travel inspiration and ideas? Our resident experts will help you discover unique hotels designed for memorable All-Inclusive holidays. Take the guesswork out of your travel budget and learn why All-Inclusive vacations are a great option for your next travel adventure. We’ve got the scoop on why this kind of All-Inclusive resort is a grown-up choice for your next well-deserved vacation. Call us, it&#x27;s toll-free. ©2022 Hilton Hilton Portfolio Locations Offers Meetings   Events Credit Cards Sign In Where to? 19 20 Previous Month Next Month Choose Sunday, May 1st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 1 Choose Monday, May 2nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 2 Choose Tuesday, May 3rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 3 Choose Wednesday, May 4th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 4 Choose Thursday, May 5th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 5 Choose Friday, May 6th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 6 Choose Saturday, May 7th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 7 Choose Sunday, May 8th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 8 Choose Monday, May 9th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 9 Choose Tuesday, May 10th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 10 Choose Wednesday, May 11th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 11 Choose Thursday, May 12th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 12 Choose Friday, May 13th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 13 Choose Saturday, May 14th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 14 Choose Sunday, May 15th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 15 Choose Monday, May 16th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 16 Choose Tuesday, May 17th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 17 Choose Wednesday, May 18th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 18 Choose Thursday, May 19th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 19 Choose Friday, May 20th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 20 Choose Saturday, May 21st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 21 Choose Sunday, May 22nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 22 Choose Monday, May 23rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 23 Choose Tuesday, May 24th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 24 Choose Wednesday, May 25th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 25 Choose Thursday, May 26th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 26 Choose Friday, May 27th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 27 Choose Saturday, May 28th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 28 Choose Sunday, May 29th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 29 Choose Monday, May 30th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 30 Choose Tuesday, May 31st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 31 Choose Wednesday, June 1st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 1 Choose Thursday, June 2nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 2 Choose Friday, June 3rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 3 Choose Saturday, June 4th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 4 Choose Sunday, June 5th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 5 Choose Monday, June 6th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 6 Choose Tuesday, June 7th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 7 Choose Wednesday, June 8th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 8 Choose Thursday, June 9th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 9 Choose Friday, June 10th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 10 Choose Saturday, June 11th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 11 Choose Sunday, June 12th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 12 Choose Monday, June 13th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 13 Choose Tuesday, June 14th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 14 Choose Wednesday, June 15th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 15 Choose Thursday, June 16th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 16 Choose Friday, June 17th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 17 Choose Saturday, June 18th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 18 Choose Sunday, June 19th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 19 Choose Monday, June 20th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 20 Choose Tuesday, June 21st, 2022 as your Check-in date. 21 Choose Wednesday, June 22nd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 22 Choose Thursday, June 23rd, 2022 as your Check-in date. 23 Choose Friday, June 24th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 24 Choose Saturday, June 25th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 25 Choose Sunday, June 26th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 26 Choose Monday, June 27th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 27 Choose Tuesday, June 28th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 28 Choose Wednesday, June 29th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 29 Choose Thursday, June 30th, 2022 as your Check-in date. 30 My Dates are Flexible Rooms Adults(18+) (18+) Kids 1 adult, 0 kids Room 1 Remove adult from room 1 1 adult1 1 adult 1 Add adult to room 1 Remove kid from room 1 0 kids0 0 kids 0 Add kid to room 1 0 Use Points Travel Agents AAA Rate AARP Rate Senior Rate Government Rates Promotion Code Group Code Corporate Account Previous slide, 0 of 2 Next slide, 0 of 2 Explore Our Resorts phone+1-800-HILTONS phone Facebook, Opens new window Opens new window Twitter, Opens new window Opens new window Instagram, Opens new window Opens new window Travel Inspiration Pet-Friendly Stays Hilton Gift Card Global Privacy Statement Site Map Careers Development Media Web Accessibility Customer Support Cookies Statement Site Usage Agreement Personal Data Requests Do Not Sell My Personal Information Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking , Opens new window Opens new window Hilton Honors Discount Terms   Conditions Corporate Responsibility , Opens new window Opens new window Hilton Hotline System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) |||  ||| Unita Turism - Privacy policy PRIVACY POLICY Respect for the right to the protection of personal data as well as for the right to privacy is one of the fundamental missions of Unita Turism Holding SA, the owner of the hotel chain comprising the following hotels and units: &nbsp; &nbsp; Hotel Deva and Hotel Sarmis located in Deva; Hotel Moldova located in Iasi; Hotel Belvedere located in Cluj-Napoca; Hotel Traian located in Braila; Hotel Lacu Sărat, Hotel Flora, Camping Lacu Sărat located in Lacu Sărat; Hotel Bianca located in Fântânele; Hotel Traian located in Drobeta Turnu-Severin; Hotel Egreta located in Tulcea; Hotel Amiral, Hotel Comandor, Hotel Orfeu located in Mamaia; Unita Tour Travel Agency. Thus, we take all necessary steps to process your personal data in accordance with the principles established by the data protection legislation applicable in Romania, including Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (“GDPR”). Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Unita Turism Holding SA is a company established and operating in accordance with the laws of Romania, registered with the Trade Register under no. J35/1837/2004, Tax ID Code: 2094737, (“Unita Turism”). The headquarters of the Company are located in Timișoara, Timiș County, Str. Academician Alexandru Borza, Nr. 1. Unita Turism is a personal data controller within the meaning of the GDPR, namely it establishes the means and purposes of the processing of personal data. Please find below the main sections included in this policy: What personal data we process Personal data of minors Sensitive data Purpose and basis of your personal data processing Recipients of personal data Personal data we collect from third parties International transfers of personal data Disclosure of the personal data of another person by you Data storage period Your rights Personal data security Links to other websites Questions or complaints Changes to the policy _________________________________________________________________________________________ WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS If you are a client or a potential client We collect personal data from you through most of our interactions with you and through other aspects of our business. The categories of data we process are the following: your first and last name, e-mail address, ID card series and number, telephone number and address; bank card details (card type, credit / debit card number, holder’s name, expiration date and security code); information about the client’s stay, including arrival and departure dates, special requirements, special preferences; information you provide about your marketing preferences; personal data you provide to subscribe to the newsletter; information about the vehicles you may bring to our property; reviews and opinions about our services; any other kind of information you choose to disclose. Also, surveillance cameras and other security measures on our property can capture or record images of guests in public places (such as hotel entrances, restaurants, or lobbies/hallways) as well as your location data (by the images captured by the surveillance cameras). You can always choose what personal data you want to disclose. However, if you choose not to provide certain personal data, if the basis for our request is compliance with a legal obligation, contractual obligations or obligations to conclude a contract, we will be unable to provide you with certain services, for example: (i) if you do not want to disclose your first and last name, e-mail address or telephone number if you wish to make a reservation, we will not be able to make the reservation, or (ii) given that in the form you are required to fill in on arrival you will need to enter some mandatory statutory personal data, should you chose not to fill in those mandatory fields, we will not be able to accommodate you. If you are a potential employee We collect information from your resume and any other information submitted with your resume and / or provided during the interviews. If you are a visitor We collect the last and first name, and ID card series and number. Surveillance cameras can also capture or record images of visitors in public places (such as hotel entrances, restaurants, or lobbies/hallways). If you are a user of our website (www.unita-turism.ro) No personal data is required to read the information on the site. However, for the technical operation of the portal, we collect the time and date when the website was accessed and the IP address from which it was accessed. Some personal data is required for the use of services (such as online bookings, job vacancies). For details, please refer to the section corresponding to the operation used on the site. If you are a representative or contact person of our suppliers or business partners We collect the first and last name, position, as well as any other data provided by you or the company that you represent. If you are an employee Please read the Employee Privacy Policy, brought to your attention at the time of employment and available at any time from the Human Resources Department. _________________________________________________________________________________________ PERSONAL DATA OF MINORS We protect the confidentiality of data from children under 16. If you are under the age of 16, you must obtain the consent or permission of your parents or guardian for any personal data you provide. _________________________________________________________________________________________ SENSITIVE DATA The term “sensitive data” refers to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious confession or philosophical beliefs or membership in trade unions, and the processing of genetic, biometric, health or sexual life or sexual orientation data. Generally, we do not collect sensitive information unless you want to disclose it. We can use the health data you provide to better serve and meet your special needs (e.g., to prepare food without including foods to which you are allergic, to provide access to people with disabilities). ________________________________________________________________________________________ PURPOSE AND BASIS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING If you are a client Hotel, restaurant and / or spa reservations, or in the case of requests for offers submitted by you for certain events organized or to be organized. Purpose: We process your personal data (i) to make a hotel / restaurant / spa reservation for you, and (ii) to reply to your requests for offers. Basis: conclusion of a contract Check-in Purpose: We process your personal data for your registration / accommodation at our hotel. Basis: At the time of accommodation, in accordance with the legal provisions in force, you are required to fill in a registration form to be completed on arrival that contains a minimum of data necessary to us to be able accommodate you. Client service (this service includes, but is not limited to: hotel shuttle service, concierge service, cleaning service, laundry service, etc.) Purpose: We process your personal data to give you the most enjoyable experience, according to your and the hotel’s standards. Basis: performance of the hotel service contract. Profiling Purpose: In order to provide personalized services, some of your special preferences (e.g., whether you prefer rooms on the upper or lower floors, what type of wine you prefer, etc.) are stored, so that, when you return, we already know what you like Basis: Consent Feedback: Purpose: We process your personal data to make sure you have had a nice experience in our units. Basis: Our legitimate interest is to constantly improve the services we offer and provide services that are as relevant as possible and compliant with our clients’ standards. Marketing: Purpose: We process your personal data for marketing purposes, such as business newsletters and marketing communications on new products and services, or other offers that we think might be of interest to you. Basis: Our legitimate interest is to promote our services by submitting the offers we consider to be of interest to you (see “Right to oppose” in the “Your rights” section) If necessary, in accordance with the applicable law, we will obtain your consent before processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In this case, we hereby notify you that you may at any time withdraw your consent to a processing for marketing purposes, in which case you will not receive any marketing communications from us. We will include an unsubscribe link that you can use if you do not want to receive any further messages from us. Also, when organizing certain events in our hotels and restaurants, we may take some photos, and some of these could also be distributed in the online environment to show others what our events are like. In any case, because we respect your right to privacy, we will make efforts to avoid focusing on certain people and we will do everything in our power to inform you that photos will be taken (for objections to our photos, see “Right to oppose” in the “Your rights” section). &nbsp; Other communications: by e-mail, mail, telephone or SMS Purpose: These communications will be made for specific reasons such as: (i) to reply to your queries, (ii) if you have not completed an online reservation or a request for offers, we may send you an e-mail to remind you to complete the reservation, (iii) to inform you about the manner in which complaints and / or incidents occurred during your stay have been resolved. Legal basis: Our legitimate interest is to provide services at the desired standards by resolving any claims / complaints and ensure our full availability. Analysis, improvement and research: Purpose: In order to constantly ensure the qualitative development of our services, we take care to analyze each complaint / suggestion on your part, so we compile statistical reports to identify the problems and find the best solutions to remedy them. Basis: We base our legitimate interest on providing services that meet your and the Unita Turism chain’s standards. If you are a visitor in our location Purpose: We process your personal data to ensure the protection of property and persons within the hotel. Basis: Our legitimate interest is to ensure both the protection of the property of clients / hotel / staff and the protection of hotel guests. If you are a user of our website (www.unita-turism.ro) Purpose: Traffic monitoring to identify errors and / or any other site malfunctions. Basis: We base this data processing activity on our legitimate interest, namely to provide you with a fully functional site by fixing any error, and to continually improve the website. If you are a representative or contact person of our suppliers or business partners Purpose: to conduct contractual relations with our suppliers or our business partners. Basis: Performance of a contract. If you are a potential employee Purpose: Evaluating your job application. Basis: conclusion of a contract. If you are an employee Please see the Employee Privacy Policy, brought to your attention at the time of employment, and available at any time from the Human Resources department. For all of the above categories of people, we can also process your data in the context of the following activities: Restructuring, internal reorganization or sale of assets or shares: Purpose: We process your data to perform the abovementioned operations. Basis: The legitimate interest to perform the operations, especially if they would be impossible to carry out without the processing of your data. However, we ensure that this possible processing will be done in accordance with this policy and by implementing a measure to ensure the confidentiality of your data. Security: Purpose: We process personal data for the security of property and the physical integrity of persons. Basis: We base this on our legitimate interest to secure the protection of your and the hotel’s property as well as the protection of people within our hotel. Legal grounds: Purpose: In some cases, we must process the information provided, which may include personal data, to resolve legal disputes or complaints, to investigate and to comply with the applicable legal regulations, to implement an agreement, or to comply with requests from public bodies, to the extent that these requests meet the requirements of the law. Basis: The reasons for the processing may be legal obligation (if we have a legal obligation to disclose certain personal data to public authorities) or our legitimate interest to settle any disputes and / or complaints. _________________________________________________________________________________________ RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA To provide you with the expected hospitality level and high-quality services, we may transmit your personal information to the members of the Unita Turism chain, our service providers and other third parties, as detailed below: Providers: In order to provide the requested services, in some cases we will need to pass some of your personal data to the providers, and they have the capacity of processor and process the data in our name and behalf and in accordance with our instructions (e.g., software, IT, accounting services, medical services providers). Members of the Unita Turism hotel chain: for similar purposes or in connection with which they were collected. Group events or meetings: If you visit our hotels for a group meeting or conference, the information required for the planning of the meeting and event can be shared with the organizers of these meetings and events and, where appropriate, with the guests organizing or participating in the meeting or event. Business Partners: In some cases, we associate with other companies to provide you with products, services or offers. For example, we can arrange for you to hire a car or provide optional pastry and kitchen services for products that are not included in our offer. Public authorities and / or institutions: (i) to comply with legal provisions, (ii) to respond to their requests, (iii) for reasons of public interest (e.g., national security). For example, under the rules set out in “PURPOSE AND BASIS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING” letter b), any hotel unit is obligated to send the registration form to be completed on arrival of each client daily. The confidentiality of your data is important to us, which is why, where possible, the transmission of personal data in accordance with the above is done only on the basis of a confidentiality agreement with the recipients to ensure that the data is kept safely and that such information is provided in accordance with applicable laws and applicable policies. In any case, we will always send to the recipients only the information strictly necessary to achieve that purpose. ___________________________________________________________________________________ PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM THIRD PARTIES To provide you with the expected level of hospitality and the best level of service, we may collect information about you from members of the Unita Turism chain, our business partners and other third parties, as detailed below: Members of the Unita Turism hotel chain: for similar purposes or related to those for which they were collected. Business partners: such as card partners, social networking services that are consistent with your own settings for these services or other third-party sources that are legally authorized to send us your data. In any case, we ensure that your data collected from third parties will be processed under the same conditions as if it were collected directly from you. We will also collect only what is necessary for our purposes. (see Section “PURPOSE AND BASIS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING”). In addition, when we first contact you, we will firstly let you know the source from which we obtained your personal data. ____________________________________________________________________________________ INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA (OUTSIDE THE EU/EEA) We may transfer your data to our service providers and other third parties that may be located in countries other than the one you reside in. Although data protection laws in these countries may differ from those in your country, we will take the necessary steps to ensure that your personal data is processed in accordance with this policy and in accordance with the applicable law. ________________________________________________________________________________________ DISCLOSURE OF THE PERSONAL DATA OF ANOTHER PERSON BY YOU If you provide us with the personal data of other persons, please let them know before this disclosure and please inform them how their personal data will be processed as described in this Privacy Policy. ______________________________________________________________________________________ DATA STORAGE PERIOD Your personal data is retained for the full duration of the purposes detailed in this Policy, if a longer period of retention is not required or permitted by the applicable law. We constantly review the need to keep your personal data, and to the extent that processing is no longer required and there is no obligation under the law to keep your personal data, we will delete / destroy your personal information as soon as possible and in such a way as to prevent subsequent recovery or reconstitution (e.g., we will delete / destroy all data of persons not hired after having been interviewed, unless there is a serious prospect of future employment). If personal information is printed on paper, it will be destroyed in a way that eliminates it completely, and if it is stored on electronic media, it will be erased by technical means to ensure that the information can no longer be subsequently recovered or reconstituted. ________________________________________________________________________________________ YOUR RIGHTS As the data subject, you are entitled to the following rights provided by the GDPR: &nbsp; Right of access: You may request (i) a confirmation that personal data is processed or not, and, if so, access to such data and information about the data, and (ii) a copy of your personal data we hold (Article 15 of the GDPR); Right to rectification: You can inform us of any changes to your personal data or you may ask us to correct the personal data we hold about you (Article 16 of the GDPR); Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”): In certain circumstances (such as (i) where data has been collected illegally, (ii) the date for data storage has expired, (iii) you have exercised the right to oppose, or (iv) data processing was done on a consent basis and you have withdrawn your consent), you may ask us to delete the personal data we hold about you (Article 17 of the GDPR); Right to restriction of processing: In certain circumstances (such as when you are contesting the accuracy of such data or the basis of the processing), you may require us to restrict your data processing for a certain period (Article 18 of the GDPR); Right to data portability: You have the right to ask us to send your personal data to a third party or directly to you (Article 20 of the GDPR); Right to object: In certain circumstances (such as processing that has legitimate interest as legal basis), you may request that we no longer process your data (Article 21 of the GDPR); &nbsp; If we use your personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw this consent at any time. In this case, your data will no longer be processed by us, unless a legal provision forces us to keep and archive it. In any case, we will let you know if there is such a legal provision and we will indicate it expressly. _________________________________________________________________________________________ PERSONAL DATA SECURITY We take your personal security seriously, which is why we have implemented important security measures necessary to protect against unauthorized access to data or unauthorized modification, disclosure or destruction. This requires an internal review of the data collection, storage and processing practices and of the security measures, as well as physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We also require our service providers and business partners to take all necessary steps to protect against unauthorized access to data or unauthorized modification, disclosure or destruction. ________________________________________________________________________________________ LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES Our website contains links to third-party sites. Please note that we do not take responsibility for the collection, use, storage, sharing or disclosure of data or information by such third parties. If you use or provide information on third-party websites, the terms and privacy policy of those websites apply. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of the websites you visit before sending personal data. The use of the internet services provided by Unita Turism is subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of the Internet providers. You can access these terms and policies by using the links on the service’s login page or by visiting the Internet provider’s website. _________________________________________________________________________________________ QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS If you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your personal data or if you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights, you are welcome to contact us using the Contact Form available on our website or by sending us an e-mail at the following address: privacy@unita-turism.ro, and we will reply within 30 days of the receipt of the request. Also, insofar as you do not have electronic means or do not want to use them, you can submit a written request at our registered office in Timișoara, Timiș County, Str. Academician Alexandru Borza, Nr. 1. Insofar as you are not satisfied with the manner in which your request has been resolved, you may file a complaint with the National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Processing. _________________________________________________________________________________________ CHANGES TO THE POLICY From time to time, this Privacy Policy may change in accordance with the amendments to the data policy legislation or our services or organization. If we make any material changes to this Policy, we will publish a link to the revised policy on the main page of our website. If we make significant changes that will impact your rights and freedoms (for example, when we begin processing your personal data for purposes other than those specified above), we will contact you before we begin this processing. To help you track the most important changes, we will include a history of the changes below to help you identify the changes to this Policy. To keep up with the latest news and offers from Unita Turism Copyright © 2006-2022 - Unita Turism | ANPC | Terms and conditions | Privacy policy | Terms and conditions Unita Tour | Cookie policy | GDPR You can contact us by e-mail: office@unita-turism.ro or filling the contact form NEWSLETTER | | | | | | | | System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) |||  ||| Unita Turism - 1. Choose date To keep up with the latest news and offers from Unita Turism Copyright © 2006-2022 - Unita Turism | ANPC | Terms and conditions | Privacy policy | Terms and conditions Unita Tour | Cookie policy | GDPR You can contact us by e-mail: office@unita-turism.ro or filling the contact form NEWSLETTER | | | | | | | | System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) ||| Arial [x][x] benton [x][x] marydale [x][x] ltc ||| The STRAT Hotel, Casino   Skypod - Las Vegas, NV ARRIVE DEPART ADULTS VIEW ALL See All Rooms Book direct, best rates guaranteed Hotel Promotions Exclusive packages & promotions VIEW ALL Explore SkyPod & Observation Deck From high above the Las Vegas Strip Skyjump Face your fear, take a leap VIEW ALL Top of the World Take the world for a spin PT's Wings & Sports The crossroads of microbrews & macroflavors VIEW ALL True Rewards Earn points your way William Hill Sports Book Place your bet on a great time VIEW ALL Xavier Mortimer: The Dream Maker A magical good time Banachek's Mind Games The greatest mentalism act in the world VIEW ALL 108 Drinks Sip and socialize with spectacular views View Lounge Enjoy a drink, in the middle of it all VIEW ALL Fitness Center A newly remodeled fitness area helping you commit to stay fit Concierge Let us help you create a Las Vegas vacation that is unforgettable VIEW ALL Meetings Unique spaces and personalized service Weddings Say 'I Do' with a view 1 King | 340 Sq Ft 2 Queens | 340 Sq Ft 1 King | 340 Sq Ft 2 Queens | 340 Sq Ft 1 King | 320 Sq Ft 2 Queens | 320 Sq Ft 1 King | 340 Sq Ft 2 Queens | 340 Sq Ft 1 King / 1 Sofa Queen | 574 Sq Ft 2 Queens / 1 Sofa Queen | 610 Sq Ft 1 King / 1 Sofa Queen | 750 Sq Ft 1 King / 1 Sofa Queen | 1097 Sq Ft &nbsp; &nbsp; Visible throughout the city, dominating the Las Vegas skyline -&nbsp;the iconic STRAT Hotel, Casino   SkyPod is where the Las Vegas Strip begins and ends. We&rsquo;ve reimagined your experience from top to bottom, offering renovated hotel rooms, refreshed casino floor, all-new dining options, award-winning entertainment, and an exhilarating&nbsp;SkyPod&nbsp;experience. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; You are using an unsupported browser and may not be able to access the full functionality of this site. Please update your browser to the latest version NOW Reservations: 800.998.6937 Reservations: 800.998.6937 Elevate your stay The Thrills of a Lifetime Top-Rated Dining Play the Exciting Games To Amaze & Delight Drink. Swim. Lounge. Every Amenity Party High On every level On every level On every level On every level On every level , (800) 998.6937 (800) 998.6937 ©2022 The STRAT Hotel, Casino & SkyPod System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) |||  ||| Paris Las Vegas Hotel   Casino - Official Site System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Accommodation industry (hotels, resorts) |||  ||| Paris Las Vegas Hotel   Casino - Official Site System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| Glamour Magazine Romania System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| Glamour Magazine Romania System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| Into The Gloss - Beauty Tips, Trends, And Product | Into The Gloss With Dr. Shereene Idriss READ MORE On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Read more > Literally, just one tip. Read more > Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. Read more > The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. Read more > "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now."Read more > The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Read more > Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Read more > Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. Read more > A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Read more > Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online.Read more > Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. Read more > Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. Read more > The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industryRead more > How to hop on the supple skin bandwagonRead more > A rookie nail art lookbookRead more > Thnks fr th mmrsRead more > How to fight the other dry JanauaryRead more > Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looksRead more > Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tipsRead more > "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup."Read more > How to choose between solid, spray, and roll-on versions of your favorite fragrance Read more > On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him thereRead more > Dry January doesn't have to be single-beverage JanuaryRead more > On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Literally, just one tip. Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now." The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online. Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industry How to hop on the supple skin bandwagon A rookie nail art lookbook Thnks fr th mmrs How to fight the other dry Janauary Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looks Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tips "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup." How to choose between solid, spray, and roll-on versions of your favorite fragrance On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him there Dry January doesn't have to be single-beverage January On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| Into The Gloss - Beauty Tips, Trends, And Product | Into The Gloss With Dr. Shereene Idriss READ MORE On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Read more > Literally, just one tip. Read more > Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. Read more > The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. Read more > "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now."Read more > The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Read more > Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Read more > Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. Read more > A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Read more > Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online.Read more > Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. Read more > Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. Read more > The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industryRead more > How to hop on the supple skin bandwagonRead more > A rookie nail art lookbookRead more > Thnks fr th mmrsRead more > How to fight the other dry JanauaryRead more > Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looksRead more > Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tipsRead more > "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup."Read more > How to choose between solid, spray, and roll-on versions of your favorite fragrance Read more > On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him thereRead more > Dry January doesn't have to be single-beverage JanuaryRead more > On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Literally, just one tip. Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now." The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online. Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industry How to hop on the supple skin bandwagon A rookie nail art lookbook Thnks fr th mmrs How to fight the other dry Janauary Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looks Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tips "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup." How to choose between solid, spray, and roll-on versions of your favorite fragrance On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him there Dry January doesn't have to be single-beverage January On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| Interviews - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Read more > Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. Read more > The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. Read more > "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now."Read more > The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Read more > Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Read more > Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. Read more > Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online.Read more > Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. Read more > The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industryRead more > Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tipsRead more > "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup."Read more > On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him thereRead more > On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back Read more > Can you guess what our most-read interview was this year?Read more > A Carrie Bradshaw #ITGTopShelfieRead more > The professional jewelry-wearer on the hand creams that play nice with gemsRead more > Our in-house expert on website code and beautyRead more > "I used to think that I knew what the future held... I’ve come to realize that the universe’s higher power really doesn’t give a fuck about what my plans are and what I want to do."Read more > "My family is from Jamaica, and herbs and other healing plants were always at our disposal—growing up, I’d apply aloe to my face to hydrate and calm inflammation, then drink a cup of beet juice my grandmother made fresh. Those memories are what inspire my career."Read more > "This is a bad way to live, but I buy a lot of my fragrances as decoration. Last night, my boyfriend was looking at all my fragrances and said, ‘You couldn’t use these all in a lifetime.’"Read more > Come for the photos, stay for the serum recs Read more > This mixture is the "sauce" Rihanna was singing aboutRead more > "The overall goal [with my makeup] is to make it last as long as possible without too much shine. I don’t touch up!"Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now." The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online. Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industry Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tips "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup." On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him there On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back Can you guess what our most-read interview was this year? A Carrie Bradshaw #ITGTopShelfie The professional jewelry-wearer on the hand creams that play nice with gems Our in-house expert on website code and beauty "I used to think that I knew what the future held... I’ve come to realize that the universe’s higher power really doesn’t give a fuck about what my plans are and what I want to do." "My family is from Jamaica, and herbs and other healing plants were always at our disposal—growing up, I’d apply aloe to my face to hydrate and calm inflammation, then drink a cup of beet juice my grandmother made fresh. Those memories are what inspire my career." "This is a bad way to live, but I buy a lot of my fragrances as decoration. Last night, my boyfriend was looking at all my fragrances and said, ‘You couldn’t use these all in a lifetime.’" Come for the photos, stay for the serum recs This mixture is the "sauce" Rihanna was singing about "The overall goal [with my makeup] is to make it last as long as possible without too much shine. I don’t touch up!" DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| Interviews - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Read more > Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. Read more > The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. Read more > "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now."Read more > The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Read more > Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Read more > Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. Read more > Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online.Read more > Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. Read more > The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industryRead more > Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tipsRead more > "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup."Read more > On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him thereRead more > On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back Read more > Can you guess what our most-read interview was this year?Read more > A Carrie Bradshaw #ITGTopShelfieRead more > The professional jewelry-wearer on the hand creams that play nice with gemsRead more > Our in-house expert on website code and beautyRead more > "I used to think that I knew what the future held... I’ve come to realize that the universe’s higher power really doesn’t give a fuck about what my plans are and what I want to do."Read more > "My family is from Jamaica, and herbs and other healing plants were always at our disposal—growing up, I’d apply aloe to my face to hydrate and calm inflammation, then drink a cup of beet juice my grandmother made fresh. Those memories are what inspire my career."Read more > "This is a bad way to live, but I buy a lot of my fragrances as decoration. Last night, my boyfriend was looking at all my fragrances and said, ‘You couldn’t use these all in a lifetime.’"Read more > Come for the photos, stay for the serum recs Read more > This mixture is the "sauce" Rihanna was singing aboutRead more > "The overall goal [with my makeup] is to make it last as long as possible without too much shine. I don’t touch up!"Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox On fragrance, memories and Tom Ford. Taylor Dorry on her esthetician, cutting her own bangs and Vivienne Westwood. The Mexico City-based creative director on switching careers and rebuilding her skincare routine during pregnancy. "For the past 7 years, I’ve been shaping my own brows because I’ve had so many bad experiences, which I can look back and laugh about now." The Inventing Anna actress on postpartum self-care. Ciarra Walters on masking three times a week and why Glossier is her ideal makeup brand. Ife Obi's routine is natural, easy, and moisturized. Tomi Talabi on her stress-free skincare routine and finding beauty online. Asiah James on never missing a hair appointment and her love for Ami Cole and Betty Davis. The Darkest Shade series creator on inclusivity in the beauty industry Literally, she's a model and Rose Inc's founder—figuratively, she's soaked up 20 years worth of industry veteran beauty tips "I go on [YouTube] when I need to figure out how to do a lifting face massage or apply metallic eyeliner, then one click leads to another and I find myself watching a video about the history of drag makeup." On the juicy, dewy serum trio that gets him there On what she's learned going from businesswoman to influencer and back Can you guess what our most-read interview was this year? A Carrie Bradshaw #ITGTopShelfie The professional jewelry-wearer on the hand creams that play nice with gems Our in-house expert on website code and beauty "I used to think that I knew what the future held... I’ve come to realize that the universe’s higher power really doesn’t give a fuck about what my plans are and what I want to do." "My family is from Jamaica, and herbs and other healing plants were always at our disposal—growing up, I’d apply aloe to my face to hydrate and calm inflammation, then drink a cup of beet juice my grandmother made fresh. Those memories are what inspire my career." "This is a bad way to live, but I buy a lot of my fragrances as decoration. Last night, my boyfriend was looking at all my fragrances and said, ‘You couldn’t use these all in a lifetime.’" Come for the photos, stay for the serum recs This mixture is the "sauce" Rihanna was singing about "The overall goal [with my makeup] is to make it last as long as possible without too much shine. I don’t touch up!" DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| Makeup - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss Literally, just one tip. Read more > Thnks fr th mmrsRead more > Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looksRead more > On The Top Shelf, we hear it allRead more > Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucksRead more > The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket Read more > A product review year in review Read more > Mamma mia, here we go again Read more > Stock up while you canRead more > So festive and surprisingly lowkeyRead more > Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your lifeRead more > The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from eachRead more > Every way to wear the neutral (but not boring) shade this fallRead more > The only thing you need to take off your eye makeup is waterRead more > Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galoreRead more > In honor of his Harryween Love On Tour performancesRead more > This holiday isn’t known for being chic—yetRead more > Which one are you going to emphasize?Read more > A new brand returns a rouge's sense of joyRead more > Recommendations from The Top ShelfRead more > It's surprisingly flattering on everyoneRead more > Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really goodRead more > Your next pick-me-up insideRead more > How a makeup artist would put your favorite shade to multiuseRead more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Literally, just one tip. Thnks fr th mmrs Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looks On The Top Shelf, we hear it all Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucks The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket A product review year in review Mamma mia, here we go again Stock up while you can So festive and surprisingly lowkey Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your life The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from each Every way to wear the neutral (but not boring) shade this fall The only thing you need to take off your eye makeup is water Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galore In honor of his Harryween Love On Tour performances This holiday isn’t known for being chic—yet Which one are you going to emphasize? A new brand returns a rouge's sense of joy Recommendations from The Top Shelf It's surprisingly flattering on everyone Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really good Your next pick-me-up inside How a makeup artist would put your favorite shade to multiuse DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| Makeup - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss Literally, just one tip. Read more > Thnks fr th mmrsRead more > Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looksRead more > On The Top Shelf, we hear it allRead more > Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucksRead more > The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket Read more > A product review year in review Read more > Mamma mia, here we go again Read more > Stock up while you canRead more > So festive and surprisingly lowkeyRead more > Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your lifeRead more > The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from eachRead more > Every way to wear the neutral (but not boring) shade this fallRead more > The only thing you need to take off your eye makeup is waterRead more > Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galoreRead more > In honor of his Harryween Love On Tour performancesRead more > This holiday isn’t known for being chic—yetRead more > Which one are you going to emphasize?Read more > A new brand returns a rouge's sense of joyRead more > Recommendations from The Top ShelfRead more > It's surprisingly flattering on everyoneRead more > Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really goodRead more > Your next pick-me-up insideRead more > How a makeup artist would put your favorite shade to multiuseRead more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Literally, just one tip. Thnks fr th mmrs Catching up with MUA Donni Davy to talk Season 2's looks On The Top Shelf, we hear it all Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucks The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket A product review year in review Mamma mia, here we go again Stock up while you can So festive and surprisingly lowkey Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your life The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from each Every way to wear the neutral (but not boring) shade this fall The only thing you need to take off your eye makeup is water Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galore In honor of his Harryween Love On Tour performances This holiday isn’t known for being chic—yet Which one are you going to emphasize? A new brand returns a rouge's sense of joy Recommendations from The Top Shelf It's surprisingly flattering on everyone Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really good Your next pick-me-up inside How a makeup artist would put your favorite shade to multiuse DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| Skincare - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. Read more > How to hop on the supple skin bandwagonRead more > How to pretend you're on an island when you're just at homeRead more > On The Top Shelf, we hear it allRead more > Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucksRead more > The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket Read more > A product review year in review Read more > Mamma mia, here we go again Read more > Fixes flakes with just one useRead more > Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your lifeRead more > The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from eachRead more > TSA probably has quite the beauty collection... kidding!Read more > Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day?Read more > So you can figure out your Black Friday sale strategy earlyRead more > It's soo helpful for combination skinRead more > Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galoreRead more > One product, one ingredient, one goalRead more > Inaugural Spooky EditionRead more > Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really goodRead more > Your next pick-me-up insideRead more > Mineral sunscreens are just zinc oxide creams, and zinc is really good for rednessRead more > Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so goodRead more > Her line flies under the radar, but it seriously shouldn'tRead more > You looked great! But now, you're breaking out Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. How to hop on the supple skin bandwagon How to pretend you're on an island when you're just at home On The Top Shelf, we hear it all Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucks The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket A product review year in review Mamma mia, here we go again Fixes flakes with just one use Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your life The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from each TSA probably has quite the beauty collection... kidding! Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day? So you can figure out your Black Friday sale strategy early It's soo helpful for combination skin Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galore One product, one ingredient, one goal Inaugural Spooky Edition Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really good Your next pick-me-up inside Mineral sunscreens are just zinc oxide creams, and zinc is really good for redness Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so good Her line flies under the radar, but it seriously shouldn't You looked great! But now, you're breaking out DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| Skincare - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. Read more > How to hop on the supple skin bandwagonRead more > How to pretend you're on an island when you're just at homeRead more > On The Top Shelf, we hear it allRead more > Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucksRead more > The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket Read more > A product review year in review Read more > Mamma mia, here we go again Read more > Fixes flakes with just one useRead more > Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your lifeRead more > The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from eachRead more > TSA probably has quite the beauty collection... kidding!Read more > Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day?Read more > So you can figure out your Black Friday sale strategy earlyRead more > It's soo helpful for combination skinRead more > Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galoreRead more > One product, one ingredient, one goalRead more > Inaugural Spooky EditionRead more > Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really goodRead more > Your next pick-me-up insideRead more > Mineral sunscreens are just zinc oxide creams, and zinc is really good for rednessRead more > Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so goodRead more > Her line flies under the radar, but it seriously shouldn'tRead more > You looked great! But now, you're breaking out Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Hi! I'm Tahirah Hairston, a skincare and fragrance enthusiast. How to hop on the supple skin bandwagon How to pretend you're on an island when you're just at home On The Top Shelf, we hear it all Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucks The holiday gifting equivalent of a buzzer beater basket A product review year in review Mamma mia, here we go again Fixes flakes with just one use Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your life The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from each TSA probably has quite the beauty collection... kidding! Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day? So you can figure out your Black Friday sale strategy early It's soo helpful for combination skin Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galore One product, one ingredient, one goal Inaugural Spooky Edition Your fall beauty routine is about to smell really, really good Your next pick-me-up inside Mineral sunscreens are just zinc oxide creams, and zinc is really good for redness Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so good Her line flies under the radar, but it seriously shouldn't You looked great! But now, you're breaking out DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| Hair - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Read more > Thnks fr th mmrsRead more > Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucksRead more > A product review year in review Read more > Mamma mia, here we go again Read more > Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your lifeRead more > The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from eachRead more > Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day?Read more > Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galoreRead more > Inaugural Spooky EditionRead more > The fall version is warmer, shinier, and looks like it grew out of your headRead more > Your next pick-me-up insideRead more > Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so goodRead more > Or Sun-in. Or lemon juice. Read more > In celebration of ITG's 11th birthday, all the best tips and tricks we've learned from The Top ShelfRead more > Come for the drama, stay for the Fulani braidsRead more > Returning to office? Bring along new products to share with your coworkersRead more > Ending summer with tried-and-true solutions to our most persistent hot weather problemsRead more > Here's how ITG shops their nearly 70 indie brand collectionRead more > If Bennifer made a comeback, so can elaborate updosRead more > There's summer nostalgia... then there's summer realismRead more > After postponing her wedding a full year, Dianna Cohen had to totally scrap her original wedding beauty planRead more > You've been fighting so long, do you even know what you're fighting about anymore?Read more > "I’ve never done that thing where I just whisk in and do one celebrity client, or go to one celebrity’s house in a day and then do pilates for the rest of it. I was spending five days in the salon, and I would do 30, 40 clients… the most I’ve ever done in a day is 55."Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Thnks fr th mmrs Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucks A product review year in review Mamma mia, here we go again Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your life The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from each Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day? Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galore Inaugural Spooky Edition The fall version is warmer, shinier, and looks like it grew out of your head Your next pick-me-up inside Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so good Or Sun-in. Or lemon juice. In celebration of ITG's 11th birthday, all the best tips and tricks we've learned from The Top Shelf Come for the drama, stay for the Fulani braids Returning to office? Bring along new products to share with your coworkers Ending summer with tried-and-true solutions to our most persistent hot weather problems Here's how ITG shops their nearly 70 indie brand collection If Bennifer made a comeback, so can elaborate updos There's summer nostalgia... then there's summer realism After postponing her wedding a full year, Dianna Cohen had to totally scrap her original wedding beauty plan You've been fighting so long, do you even know what you're fighting about anymore? "I’ve never done that thing where I just whisk in and do one celebrity client, or go to one celebrity’s house in a day and then do pilates for the rest of it. I was spending five days in the salon, and I would do 30, 40 clients… the most I’ve ever done in a day is 55." DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| Hair - Into The Gloss | Into The Gloss A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Read more > Thnks fr th mmrsRead more > Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucksRead more > A product review year in review Read more > Mamma mia, here we go again Read more > Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your lifeRead more > The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from eachRead more > Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day?Read more > Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galoreRead more > Inaugural Spooky EditionRead more > The fall version is warmer, shinier, and looks like it grew out of your headRead more > Your next pick-me-up insideRead more > Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so goodRead more > Or Sun-in. Or lemon juice. Read more > In celebration of ITG's 11th birthday, all the best tips and tricks we've learned from The Top ShelfRead more > Come for the drama, stay for the Fulani braidsRead more > Returning to office? Bring along new products to share with your coworkersRead more > Ending summer with tried-and-true solutions to our most persistent hot weather problemsRead more > Here's how ITG shops their nearly 70 indie brand collectionRead more > If Bennifer made a comeback, so can elaborate updosRead more > There's summer nostalgia... then there's summer realismRead more > After postponing her wedding a full year, Dianna Cohen had to totally scrap her original wedding beauty planRead more > You've been fighting so long, do you even know what you're fighting about anymore?Read more > "I’ve never done that thing where I just whisk in and do one celebrity client, or go to one celebrity’s house in a day and then do pilates for the rest of it. I was spending five days in the salon, and I would do 30, 40 clients… the most I’ve ever done in a day is 55."Read more > Discover the best products from small brands that made big waves throughout 2020 See the full list Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox A slightly scary-looking hair clip that holds fine hair like nothing else, but is unfortunately $38. Thnks fr th mmrs Our favorite products of the year...all under 35 bucks A product review year in review Mamma mia, here we go again Like a DIY advent calendar for the beauty-obsessed Jews in your life The Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales that are worth it, and the products we love from each Because—for the love of God!—could you imagine getting all of this done in one day? Party-proof hacks and flake-soothing creams galore Inaugural Spooky Edition The fall version is warmer, shinier, and looks like it grew out of your head Your next pick-me-up inside Glossier's second cohort of Grantees are so, so good Or Sun-in. Or lemon juice. In celebration of ITG's 11th birthday, all the best tips and tricks we've learned from The Top Shelf Come for the drama, stay for the Fulani braids Returning to office? Bring along new products to share with your coworkers Ending summer with tried-and-true solutions to our most persistent hot weather problems Here's how ITG shops their nearly 70 indie brand collection If Bennifer made a comeback, so can elaborate updos There's summer nostalgia... then there's summer realism After postponing her wedding a full year, Dianna Cohen had to totally scrap her original wedding beauty plan You've been fighting so long, do you even know what you're fighting about anymore? "I’ve never done that thing where I just whisk in and do one celebrity client, or go to one celebrity’s house in a day and then do pilates for the rest of it. I was spending five days in the salon, and I would do 30, 40 clients… the most I’ve ever done in a day is 55." DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| The Best Contouring Tip for Newbies | Into The Gloss Turns out, similarly to painting, contouring is all about location—where you place color is equally as important as which color you’re actually working with. If you’re a talented enough painter (or makeup artist) you know exactly where to place certain shades to accentuate shadows, angles, or certain features of an object, which are important skills for effectively shaping the face. But what if you don’t dabble in one of those two careers and still want to learn how to contour? This was the dilemma I faced last week as I sat in front of my mirror, un-contoured and three minutes away from being late for a nice dinner. While I’d normally use a swipe or two of bronzer where I thought it should go, I had never tried to fully snatch my face… And now wasn’t the time to start. I wanted to level up my makeup for the night, but I clearly didn’t have time to do much. I didn’t need my cheekbones to look like they could cut glass— I just wanted something foolproof and quick. My salvation came, as it often does, in the form of a Tiktok. I looked up ‘contour hack’ and in thirteen seconds flat, makeup theorist Megan Lavallie bestowed upon me such great contouring knowledge that I wanted to scream it from the rooftops. “There’s this one spot on your cheek that if you poked a hole through it, it would touch your teeth. If you softly blend it out [after adding contour], it will create the most soft-looking, high cheekbones for those who want to look good from the side and the front.” And so, with my remaining two and a half minutes, all I had to do was find the spot on my cheek where I could feel my teeth, add a single dot of contour, and blend lightly. That was it! I grabbed a contour brush and my contour-that-isn’t-contour, Glossier’s Cloud Paint in Dusk, and got to work. I applied one dot on each cheek, and as Lavallie instructed, softly blended out. In an instant, my face gained more dimension while still looking incredibly natural. The result was seamless, kind of like I somehow managed to tan just the hollows of my cheeks. Fancy dinner or not, I knew this trick had me in a chokehold from the moment I saw my newly sculpted face. Lavallie’s tip—which has 7.5 million views, by the way—changed the way I think about contouring. I realized that for beauty beginners and lovers of No Makeup Makeup, contour doesn’t have to be an intimidating event filled with multiple creams, powders, and brushes. I used to think it was Kim Kardashian-style or bust, leading to more nightmares about trying the ‘3’ shape on my round face than I would care to admit. Turns out, you can still get a fantastic look from a simplified method. Instead of doing lines or dots of product all over the face à la Instagram tutorials, the bare necessity of contouring is just a single dot! Not so intimidating now, is it? But Hannah, I can hear you saying, I’m still scared I’m going to screw it up. Fair! Contour is easy to screw up when you don’t know what you’re doing. But I have faith that you do know what you’re doing because you’ve gotten this far in the article, and when (not if) you get contouring right, you’ll totally elevate your look in just a few minutes. Besides, this tip makes it almost foolproof, regardless of whether you’re using a cream or powder contour. Might as well try it! It’s not going to get any easier than this. All photos taken by Elliot Duprey Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Share Tweet Pin Copy by Hannah Burnstein Share Tweet Pin Copy DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| The Best Contouring Tip for Newbies | Into The Gloss Turns out, similarly to painting, contouring is all about location—where you place color is equally as important as which color you’re actually working with. If you’re a talented enough painter (or makeup artist) you know exactly where to place certain shades to accentuate shadows, angles, or certain features of an object, which are important skills for effectively shaping the face. But what if you don’t dabble in one of those two careers and still want to learn how to contour? This was the dilemma I faced last week as I sat in front of my mirror, un-contoured and three minutes away from being late for a nice dinner. While I’d normally use a swipe or two of bronzer where I thought it should go, I had never tried to fully snatch my face… And now wasn’t the time to start. I wanted to level up my makeup for the night, but I clearly didn’t have time to do much. I didn’t need my cheekbones to look like they could cut glass— I just wanted something foolproof and quick. My salvation came, as it often does, in the form of a Tiktok. I looked up ‘contour hack’ and in thirteen seconds flat, makeup theorist Megan Lavallie bestowed upon me such great contouring knowledge that I wanted to scream it from the rooftops. “There’s this one spot on your cheek that if you poked a hole through it, it would touch your teeth. If you softly blend it out [after adding contour], it will create the most soft-looking, high cheekbones for those who want to look good from the side and the front.” And so, with my remaining two and a half minutes, all I had to do was find the spot on my cheek where I could feel my teeth, add a single dot of contour, and blend lightly. That was it! I grabbed a contour brush and my contour-that-isn’t-contour, Glossier’s Cloud Paint in Dusk, and got to work. I applied one dot on each cheek, and as Lavallie instructed, softly blended out. In an instant, my face gained more dimension while still looking incredibly natural. The result was seamless, kind of like I somehow managed to tan just the hollows of my cheeks. Fancy dinner or not, I knew this trick had me in a chokehold from the moment I saw my newly sculpted face. Lavallie’s tip—which has 7.5 million views, by the way—changed the way I think about contouring. I realized that for beauty beginners and lovers of No Makeup Makeup, contour doesn’t have to be an intimidating event filled with multiple creams, powders, and brushes. I used to think it was Kim Kardashian-style or bust, leading to more nightmares about trying the ‘3’ shape on my round face than I would care to admit. Turns out, you can still get a fantastic look from a simplified method. Instead of doing lines or dots of product all over the face à la Instagram tutorials, the bare necessity of contouring is just a single dot! Not so intimidating now, is it? But Hannah, I can hear you saying, I’m still scared I’m going to screw it up. Fair! Contour is easy to screw up when you don’t know what you’re doing. But I have faith that you do know what you’re doing because you’ve gotten this far in the article, and when (not if) you get contouring right, you’ll totally elevate your look in just a few minutes. Besides, this tip makes it almost foolproof, regardless of whether you’re using a cream or powder contour. Might as well try it! It’s not going to get any easier than this. All photos taken by Elliot Duprey Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Share Tweet Pin Copy by Hannah Burnstein Share Tweet Pin Copy DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| The Next Euphoria Beauty Trends To Pay Attention To | Into The Gloss I’m on Euphoria’s hook like a generation of Carries, Charlottes, Mirandas, and Samanthas were on Sex and the City’s—only instead of Pat Field’s outfits, it’s Doniella Davy’s makeup I’m taking as bait. As I settle my PJ-ed rear into the couch on Sunday nights, mentally I am rubbing my hands together like a tiny fruit fly with an evil agenda. What in the glittery heck does Donni think I should draw onto my eyelids next? Her looks for the show feel like prophecy; I must tune in to stay abreast of my fate. Donni’s starting point is always the characters’ emotional states. As she told me back in 2019, she used it to express Rue and the gang’s “irony, playfulness, rebelliousness, joy…” et. al. But also, outside of the show, this was 2019! The economy was up, unemployment was down, we as a society were grinding on each other at music festivals and, when they got canceled, made entertaining documentaries about their should-have-been-obvious-from-the-onset pitfalls. Summer 2019, when Euphoria season 1 premiered, was filled with sweaty shenanigans that tumbled recklessly into the fall; come winter we attended holiday parties in rhinestone eye looks and made hopeful plans for the new year. And just when it seemed like the trend was reaching max saturation—really, another fashion week runway inspired by Donni’s glitter tears?!—everything changed. In 2022, we finally get Euphoria’s long-awaited second season. Donni describes the new chapter as having a “darker subject matter” and “distinctly different cinematic aesthetic.” But so too does our post-COVID world, no? I got a hunch that whatever tricks Donni had up her sleeve would shape the next calendar year (at least!) of beauty. And unlike what the Oracle of Delphi or a Pete Davidson-era Ariana Grande would have you believe, prophets are basically just detail-oriented trend forecasters. To lay the groundwork, Donni starts by trolling Tiktok and Instagram for Euphoria-inspired makeup. Just like you do! Even she’s got to admit, Gen-Z knows their way around a tub of rhinestones. But while your interrogation might end after sharing that cat eye tutorial with a friend (“We have to try this look,” you’ll type, then wash it down the iMessage drain with a meme and forget about it), Donni’s is just beginning. “The work I do on Euphoria is constantly on my mind, and I don’t want to repeat or try to outdo myself,” she tells ITG. Before going into season 2, she laid out a comprehensive mood board: mish-mashed together are A Clockwork Orange-esque spiky lashes, 60s mod liner, bruise-y smudges, and shimmering watercolor-effect pastels. Inspiration strikes from vintage images and digital creators alike. Plus, she’s also got an archive of never-before-seen original looks to pull from. While quarantining in LA, doing her own makeup kept the creative juices flowing—then, once she put down her brushes, she’d take a look in the mirror and assess. Some looks went straight to Instagram, which Donni is first to admit was a leap outside her comfort zone. Others turned into exclusive Face Lace designs, and the rest were filed away as season 2 references. “Often when I would do a look, I would consider which Euphoria character might wear something similar,” she explains. Season 1 said glitter, rhinestones, bold colors, graphic shapes. Though only a couple episodes are out so far, Donni reveals season 2’s going to be a lot more minimalist. It feels right for the weird spot between wanting to show up for a return to in-person events, the hominess we’re used to, and the looming possibility of a last-minute cancellation. “But it’s me, so my version of minimalism is a little…heightened.” She trades in the big sparklers for shrunken versions (“tiny rhinies”) and fine grain glitter. A lot of the eye looks take up space not on the vast top lid but the bottom, which an optimistic New York realtor would call bigger than you think. Donni notes that lower lash adornments may be a bit less conventional, but are actually more inclusive for folks at home trying to follow along. “What I love about decorating the lower lash line is that you don’t have to worry about your eyelid type not being able to accommodate the look,” she explains. “For those with hooded eyes, anything that accentuates the lower lash line is super visible.” Another trend you should get ready to ride? Graphic liner. “Incorporating shapes in unusual places around the eye is a really fun way to play with it,” says Donni, “and it doesn’t always have to be about super skinny lines.” While she insists her only concern with Jules’ New Years bonfire liner (which actor Hunter Shafer referred to as her “mermaid purse” eyes) was the script’s emotion, I’ve got to put my money on similar barbed shapes catching on. So I asked Donni her favorite ways to achieve it: gel pot liners from Chanel and Inglot, skinny, flat liner brushes from Spectrum, Bdellium and MAC, and pointed Q-tips. “I could not do winged liner without them to clean up and perfect my line work.” See? It’s like she read your mind. —Ali Oshinsky Photo via HBOMax Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Share Tweet Pin Copy by Ali Oshinsky Share Tweet Pin Copy DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| The Next Euphoria Beauty Trends To Pay Attention To | Into The Gloss I’m on Euphoria’s hook like a generation of Carries, Charlottes, Mirandas, and Samanthas were on Sex and the City’s—only instead of Pat Field’s outfits, it’s Doniella Davy’s makeup I’m taking as bait. As I settle my PJ-ed rear into the couch on Sunday nights, mentally I am rubbing my hands together like a tiny fruit fly with an evil agenda. What in the glittery heck does Donni think I should draw onto my eyelids next? Her looks for the show feel like prophecy; I must tune in to stay abreast of my fate. Donni’s starting point is always the characters’ emotional states. As she told me back in 2019, she used it to express Rue and the gang’s “irony, playfulness, rebelliousness, joy…” et. al. But also, outside of the show, this was 2019! The economy was up, unemployment was down, we as a society were grinding on each other at music festivals and, when they got canceled, made entertaining documentaries about their should-have-been-obvious-from-the-onset pitfalls. Summer 2019, when Euphoria season 1 premiered, was filled with sweaty shenanigans that tumbled recklessly into the fall; come winter we attended holiday parties in rhinestone eye looks and made hopeful plans for the new year. And just when it seemed like the trend was reaching max saturation—really, another fashion week runway inspired by Donni’s glitter tears?!—everything changed. In 2022, we finally get Euphoria’s long-awaited second season. Donni describes the new chapter as having a “darker subject matter” and “distinctly different cinematic aesthetic.” But so too does our post-COVID world, no? I got a hunch that whatever tricks Donni had up her sleeve would shape the next calendar year (at least!) of beauty. And unlike what the Oracle of Delphi or a Pete Davidson-era Ariana Grande would have you believe, prophets are basically just detail-oriented trend forecasters. To lay the groundwork, Donni starts by trolling Tiktok and Instagram for Euphoria-inspired makeup. Just like you do! Even she’s got to admit, Gen-Z knows their way around a tub of rhinestones. But while your interrogation might end after sharing that cat eye tutorial with a friend (“We have to try this look,” you’ll type, then wash it down the iMessage drain with a meme and forget about it), Donni’s is just beginning. “The work I do on Euphoria is constantly on my mind, and I don’t want to repeat or try to outdo myself,” she tells ITG. Before going into season 2, she laid out a comprehensive mood board: mish-mashed together are A Clockwork Orange-esque spiky lashes, 60s mod liner, bruise-y smudges, and shimmering watercolor-effect pastels. Inspiration strikes from vintage images and digital creators alike. Plus, she’s also got an archive of never-before-seen original looks to pull from. While quarantining in LA, doing her own makeup kept the creative juices flowing—then, once she put down her brushes, she’d take a look in the mirror and assess. Some looks went straight to Instagram, which Donni is first to admit was a leap outside her comfort zone. Others turned into exclusive Face Lace designs, and the rest were filed away as season 2 references. “Often when I would do a look, I would consider which Euphoria character might wear something similar,” she explains. Season 1 said glitter, rhinestones, bold colors, graphic shapes. Though only a couple episodes are out so far, Donni reveals season 2’s going to be a lot more minimalist. It feels right for the weird spot between wanting to show up for a return to in-person events, the hominess we’re used to, and the looming possibility of a last-minute cancellation. “But it’s me, so my version of minimalism is a little…heightened.” She trades in the big sparklers for shrunken versions (“tiny rhinies”) and fine grain glitter. A lot of the eye looks take up space not on the vast top lid but the bottom, which an optimistic New York realtor would call bigger than you think. Donni notes that lower lash adornments may be a bit less conventional, but are actually more inclusive for folks at home trying to follow along. “What I love about decorating the lower lash line is that you don’t have to worry about your eyelid type not being able to accommodate the look,” she explains. “For those with hooded eyes, anything that accentuates the lower lash line is super visible.” Another trend you should get ready to ride? Graphic liner. “Incorporating shapes in unusual places around the eye is a really fun way to play with it,” says Donni, “and it doesn’t always have to be about super skinny lines.” While she insists her only concern with Jules’ New Years bonfire liner (which actor Hunter Shafer referred to as her “mermaid purse” eyes) was the script’s emotion, I’ve got to put my money on similar barbed shapes catching on. So I asked Donni her favorite ways to achieve it: gel pot liners from Chanel and Inglot, skinny, flat liner brushes from Spectrum, Bdellium and MAC, and pointed Q-tips. “I could not do winged liner without them to clean up and perfect my line work.” See? It’s like she read your mind. —Ali Oshinsky Photo via HBOMax Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Share Tweet Pin Copy by Ali Oshinsky Share Tweet Pin Copy DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog |||  ||| Meet ITG&#39;s New Guest Editor | Into The Gloss Let’s address the elephant in the room: where has all of the Into The Gloss content gone? No need to worry, it’s back! I’m Tahirah Hairston, and for the next few months, I’ll be guest editing for Ashley while she’s gone on maternity leave (This post changed my life and I’ll never moisturize the same again). I’ve been an avid reader of ITG for years, it’s still one of the only beauty blogs I trust for product recommendations and beauty education. But first, some things about me. I’m a storyteller (I’ve written, edited and worked for Teen Vogue,* Lenny Letter, *Elle, NY Mag, SSENSE, and more) and I love having conversations with interesting people, writing love letters to my clothing, or asking questions we’re all thinking. I am the dog mom of an adorable black-and-white Cavapoo puppy named Yohji who I sometimes wash with Olaplex shampoo and spray with Frederic Malle Carnal Flower hairspray. Yes, he feels and smells amazing. I spend way too much of my free time watching television, so I’m always paying close attention to the beauty moments in TV shows. Succession’s Kendall Roy using Augustinus Bader, South Side’s “Mongolian Curly” episode dedicated to a wig, the makeup and nails in Claws, The Sopranos, and Euphoria. I have extremely dry skin so I’m very particular about body moisturizers and oils as most of the fancy ones still end up leaving me ashy (and embarrassed). I’m a skincare and fragrance enthusiast who’s recently become makeup curious. Some of my favorite beauty products right now: Dieux Deliverance Serum, Medik8 Advanced Night Ceramide Cream, Augustinus Bader Body Oil, Biore UV Aqua Rich Watery Essence Sunscreen, Maison d’Etto Durban Jane, Paula’s Choice Skin-Smoothing Body Treatment and Refy Brow Sculpt. Currently, I’m reading the Sex and the City book, and will report back on any fun, interesting beauty things I think are worth sharing with you. Should we have a beauty book club? But back to taking over for Ashley. I’m nervous because I have big shoes to fill and ITG has built such an amazing community I want to bring you content you’ll enjoy, learn from, share with your friends and trust. So, why not ask you what type of things you’d want to read? What skincare trends are you dying to learn more about? What new beauty routines and products do you want me to try? Who would you love to see in a Top Shelf? What ingredients are you curious about trying but don’t really understand how they work? I’ll be taking notes from the comments. Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Share Tweet Pin Copy by Tahirah Hairston Share Tweet Pin Copy DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Beauty industry |||  ||| Meet ITG&#39;s New Guest Editor | Into The Gloss Let’s address the elephant in the room: where has all of the Into The Gloss content gone? No need to worry, it’s back! I’m Tahirah Hairston, and for the next few months, I’ll be guest editing for Ashley while she’s gone on maternity leave (This post changed my life and I’ll never moisturize the same again). I’ve been an avid reader of ITG for years, it’s still one of the only beauty blogs I trust for product recommendations and beauty education. But first, some things about me. I’m a storyteller (I’ve written, edited and worked for Teen Vogue,* Lenny Letter, *Elle, NY Mag, SSENSE, and more) and I love having conversations with interesting people, writing love letters to my clothing, or asking questions we’re all thinking. I am the dog mom of an adorable black-and-white Cavapoo puppy named Yohji who I sometimes wash with Olaplex shampoo and spray with Frederic Malle Carnal Flower hairspray. Yes, he feels and smells amazing. I spend way too much of my free time watching television, so I’m always paying close attention to the beauty moments in TV shows. Succession’s Kendall Roy using Augustinus Bader, South Side’s “Mongolian Curly” episode dedicated to a wig, the makeup and nails in Claws, The Sopranos, and Euphoria. I have extremely dry skin so I’m very particular about body moisturizers and oils as most of the fancy ones still end up leaving me ashy (and embarrassed). I’m a skincare and fragrance enthusiast who’s recently become makeup curious. Some of my favorite beauty products right now: Dieux Deliverance Serum, Medik8 Advanced Night Ceramide Cream, Augustinus Bader Body Oil, Biore UV Aqua Rich Watery Essence Sunscreen, Maison d’Etto Durban Jane, Paula’s Choice Skin-Smoothing Body Treatment and Refy Brow Sculpt. Currently, I’m reading the Sex and the City book, and will report back on any fun, interesting beauty things I think are worth sharing with you. Should we have a beauty book club? But back to taking over for Ashley. I’m nervous because I have big shoes to fill and ITG has built such an amazing community I want to bring you content you’ll enjoy, learn from, share with your friends and trust. So, why not ask you what type of things you’d want to read? What skincare trends are you dying to learn more about? What new beauty routines and products do you want me to try? Who would you love to see in a Top Shelf? What ingredients are you curious about trying but don’t really understand how they work? I’ll be taking notes from the comments. Use your Glossier account to save articles on Into The Gloss. More features coming soon! Create new Glossier account Create a Glossier account to build your Into The Gloss profile and save your favorite stories. By signing up, you agree to receive updates and special offers for Into The Gloss&#39;s products and services. You may unsubscribe at any time. I already have an account As in, your inbox. Sign up below and we&#39;ll bring you the top stories from ITG every week. The very best of Into The Gloss, delivered weekly right to your inbox Share Tweet Pin Copy by Tahirah Hairston Share Tweet Pin Copy DON'T MISS Most Popular Interviews Makeup Skincare [email&#160;protected] Invalid Invalid Invalid Invalid Your password needs to be at least 6 characters long System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| lexiabold |||  Take Me Fishing Blog Early Season Angling: How to Fish for Trout in a Lake How To Get Started Grilling Fish This Spring Select a state to find fishing and boating information: Get A Fishing License Get started fishing today, purchase your fishing license online, check regulations and more. Register A Boat Register your boat today. Learn how to register your vessel, boating laws and more. Home &gt; Take Me Fishing Blog Check our inspiring and educational blog articles about fishing and boating written by experts. Get fishing tips and tricks and read personal stories from anglers who live and breathe fishing and boating. Learn new fishing skills, boating resources, fishing etiquette, conservation and more. List of spring time fishing tackle must-haves to help you prepare, spring fishing gear suggestions, how to stock up tackle for spring time bass fishing Learn how to teach kids to fish in a freshwater pond, simple tips for teaching kids to fish to help make family pond fishing outings more memorable, fun Are you ready to start grilling fish this spring? Learn how to grill fish and discover new recipes for the best fish to grill all summer long! Trout are most accessible when they&rsquo;re shallow, which occurs in early season. Here&rsquo;s what to know about how to catch trout in a lake at this time Prior to any time on the water, it is important to go over your boat safety equipment checklist. Checklists differ but these items are always included. Funding from fishing licenses, boat registrations, fishing gear and more are used for conservation projects. Buy your fishing license- it&rsquo;s vital for you and future generations to be able to go fishing and get out on the water. How to determine the best life jackets for boating trips with your family, which features to look for when selecting best life jackets for boat fishing Kids love fishing and will need to know how to fish with lures, not just bait. Here are three tips for teaching kids how to use fishing lures. Mother&rsquo;s Day is early this year! Check out these 10 Mother&rsquo;s Day activities that will give you and mom hours of quality time together on May 8th! &nbsp; How to stock up on discount fishing gear for spring fishing season, list of ways to find inexpensive fishing equipment, save money on kids fishing poles Disfruta de la mejor pesca de primavera en Arizona visitando estos destinos que no solo te proveerán una maravillosa captura, también inolvidables paisajes. The Columbia River is a great opportunity to catch a sturgeon. Heading there soon? Here is some information to get you started. Does fishing intimidate you but you would really like to get out there and try it? Patricia Clement has been there and has a few tips for you! Do you like this content? Subscribe to our Newsletter and get all the information you need to learn, plan, and equip for your next fishing adventure. NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Sign-up to receive our monthly newsletter with interesting blogs about fishing and boating. Get fishing tips and tricks and read personal stories from anglers who live and breathe fishing and boating. Learn new fishing skills, boating resources, fishing etiquette, conservation and more. Please complete the following fields to subscribe to our newsletter. SUBSCRIBERS PREFERENCES What information would you like? How To Fish   Boat How To Fish   Boat Where To Fish   Boat Where To Fish   Boat State Info Take Me Fishing Blog By Debbie Hanson 03/22/2022 By Debbie Hanson 05/18/2022 By Jeff Bogle 05/18/2022 By Ken Schultz 05/18/2022 By Debbie Hanson 05/17/2022 By Joanne Martonik 05/16/2022 By Debbie Hanson 05/10/2022 By Andy Whitcomb 05/09/2022 By Jeff Bogle 05/05/2022 By Debbie Hanson 05/04/2022 By Recreational Boating & Fishing Foundation (RBFF) 05/03/2022 By Andy Whitcomb 05/02/2022 By Patricia Clement 04/28/2022 Page of 156 Sign Up &copy;2022 RBFF. Take Me Fishing&trade; is a trademark of the Recreational Boating   Fishing Foundation.All Rights Reserved Take Me Fishing&trade; is a trademark of the Recreational Boating   Fishing Foundation. System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| lexiabold |||  Beginner&#39;s Guide on How to Catch Fish Early Season Angling: How to Fish for Trout in a Lake How To Get Started Grilling Fish This Spring Select a state to find fishing and boating information: Get A Fishing License Get started fishing today, purchase your fishing license online, check regulations and more. Register A Boat Register your boat today. Learn how to register your vessel, boating laws and more. Home &gt; Learn to Fish   Boat &gt; How To Fish &gt; How to Catch Fish Have you ever wanted to learn how to catch fish? Do you want to know how to catch more fish? From setting hooks to choosing bait, to cleaning, the information you need is here. If you ever wanted to learn to fish carp, catfish, or even how to catch trout, this section is for you. Learn to fish more effectively by knowing the merits of natural and artificial bait. Learn how to catch more fish by properly setting the hook in two simple steps. Learn how to set the drag with these simple instructions and fishing tips here. Learn how to cast your fishing rod using different types of reels with these steps. Learn how to cast a baitcaster in nine easy steps. Follow these simple tips to cast better Learn how to reel in fish with these two simple steps, get fishing tips and more. Once you have reeled in a fish, follow these tips to help you land your catch safely. Follow these steps to help ensure higher survival rates for your catch. Learn more about the many ways to clean and prepare your catch. Get the most enjoyment out of your catch by learning how to keep fish while fishing. Once you have caught your fish, you will need to learn the proper way to store your catch. Learn how to fillet a fish in four easy steps. Filleting a fish is easier than you think. Learn how to make fish bait with this easy to follow homemade recipe. Follow these steps. Learn to fish carp: what tackle to use, which baits to use, and where to go. Find out how to catch catfish, fishing lures you can use, catfishing techniques and more. Learn how to catch trout, specifically sea trout, which lures to use, tips and more info. Learn tips and tricks for catching this popular, year-round sport fish for beginners. If you are a beginner, learn lake trout fishing tips to catch this feisty game fish. Learn the basics of rigging this proven topwater lure effectively for beginners. Learn the fundamentals of how to cast a fly rod for beginners and different methods. Get tips for locating the perfect fishing spots to optimize your catch rates. Learn the best tips to attract and hook this popular and widely available fish species. Get tips and tricks for landing this highly popular and plentiful species of fish. Learn the best bass fishing tips and techniques to catch more of these plentiful fish. Find out how to scale a fish properly by following these simple steps. A fun species to fish along the East Coast, learn the best ways to catch it! Find out where to fish, which basic techniques to use, and learn how to catch salmon in this section How to Start Fishing When You Don't Have a Clue Read More Beginner’s Guide to Fly Fishing Flies for Trout Read More 5 Reasons to learn how to start fishing today Read More Do you like this content? Subscribe to our Newsletter and get all the information you need to learn, plan, and equip for your next fishing adventure. NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Sign-up to receive our monthly newsletter with interesting blogs about fishing and boating. Get fishing tips and tricks and read personal stories from anglers who live and breathe fishing and boating. Learn new fishing skills, boating resources, fishing etiquette, conservation and more. Please complete the following fields to subscribe to our newsletter. SUBSCRIBERS PREFERENCES What information would you like? How To Fish   Boat How To Fish   Boat Where To Fish   Boat Where To Fish   Boat State Info How to Catch Fish Sign Up &copy;2022 RBFF. Take Me Fishing&trade; is a trademark of the Recreational Boating   Fishing Foundation.All Rights Reserved Take Me Fishing&trade; is a trademark of the Recreational Boating   Fishing Foundation. System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| Source Serif Pro ||| Jason&#039;s Movie Blog | A Movie Blog for the Latest Movie Reviews, Trailers, and More THE “BLUE BLUR” IS BACK! &nbsp; In 2020, Paramount Pictures (with association of SEGA Entertainment) released the movie Sonic the Hedgehog, an action-adventure comedy feature that showcased (and based) upon Get ready to journey back to Pandora as 20th Century Fox and director James Cameron release the official teaser trailer for the highly anticipated sequel Avatar: The Way of Water. A MESSY AND UTTERLY BLAND SUPERHERO ORIGIN TALE &nbsp; While the Marvel Cinematic Universe has flourished into the expansive shared universe of most of Marvel Comics “best and brightest” arsenal It all has come down to this&#8230;. as Universal Pictures releases the second official trailer for the upcoming dinosaur adventure blockbuster sequel Jurassic World Dominion. View trailer below. WE’VE ALL GOT AN INNER BEAST &nbsp; Pixar Studios has become the premiere powerhouse animated studio for nearly the past twenty-five years; producing some of the more memorable and beloved You know his name, now learn his story as Disney and Pixar Studios releases the second official trailer for the upcoming animated film Lightyear. View trailer below. The God of Thunder and the Asgardians of the Galaxy are back as Marvel Studios releases the official teaser trailer for the upcoming superhero sequel Thor: Love and Thunder. View trailer below. A SERVICEABLE (YET UNCESSARY) MONSTER CODA TO THE FRANCHISE &nbsp; In 2012, animated director / writer Genndy Tartakovsky (along with a story by Todd Durham) released the cartoon movie Hotel Transylvania. The film, which starred the voice talents of Adam Sandler, Selena Gomez, Andy Samberg, and many others, told the story of Count Dracula’s daughter Mavis and how she finds an Everyone&#8217;s favorite blue hedgehog is back as Paramount Pictures and SEGA releases the official final trailer for the upcoming sequel Sonic the Hedgehog 2. View trailer below. A CINEMATICALLY DARK (YET BEAUTIFULLY POETIC) DETECTIVE STORY &nbsp; Batman, the Cape Crusader, the Dark Knight, the Bat of Gotham….and so on and so forth. The character of the Batman has always been a fix point of fascination, finding the dual life of DC comic book creation Bruce Wayne, a wealthy philanthropist whose was orphaned at a young age drove A TERRIBLY PLOTTED AND POORLY OUTDATED SPIN-OFF ENDEAVOR &nbsp; While DreamWorks had Shrek, Pixar has Toy Story, and Illumination Entertainment has Despicable Me, Blue Sky Animation, a subdivision under 20th Century Fox, had Ice Age as their flagship series. Created back 2002, Ice Age follows the cartoon adventures of a group of animal misfits, a Mammoth, a sloth, a sabretooth, Dangerous times favor dangerous men as Warner Bros. Studios present the second official trailer for the upcoming wizarding world film Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore. View trailer below. A DERIVATE AND SHALLOW SPY ENDEAVOR &nbsp; Spy movies are an acquired taste and a special brand of cinematic excitement all in their own respective class. Dashing agents in impeccable attires, with a plethora of high-tech gadgets and gizmos at their disposal, and crazy hair-raising antics to save the world from a global threat. It’s the classic spy theatricals that A FORGETFUL (AND UTTERLY DATED) FANTASY MESS &nbsp; Delaying a movie’s theatrical release can be a mixed bag of sorts. The hype and anticipation that has building for the feature’s release can be either continue to fuel the necessary excitement for the film’s inevitable future release or you cause a large determinant towards its premiere reveal, especially if the feature AMONG THIEVES (AND EXPECTATIONS) &nbsp; Sic Parvis Magna! Translated it means “Greatness, from small beginnings”, a motto of Sir Francis Drake, the famous navigator and sailor, that means anyone can become great no matter where they started out. Such a powerful statement is shared in the video game series titled Uncharted, which first debuted back in 2007 (Uncharted: Drake’s Fortune) Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,446 other subscribers Email Address Follow Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Follow Search for: Posted on April 24, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Trailers Posted on April 19, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Trailers Posted on March 30, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Reviews Posted on March 15, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Trailers Posted on March 11, 2022 by Jason One comment Reviews Posted on March 4, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Reviews Posted on February 28, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Trailers Posted on February 26, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Reviews Posted on February 23, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Reviews Posted on February 19, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Reviews &laquo; Older Entries By the grace of Shaddam IV of House Corrino, ascendant to the Golden Lion Throne of Padishah Emperor of the Known Universe.! Just announced that actor Christopher Walken will play the Emperor in Denis Villeneuve&#039;s Dune: Part II! #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #filmmews #Dune #dunepart2 #christopherwalken #frankherbert #casting This family is our fortress! Be sure to check out the official teaser for Avatar: The Way of Water on my blog. #movie #movies #film #films #comingsoon #pandora #avatarthewayofwater #Avatar #avatar2 Doctor Strange time! At the movies seeing Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Super excited to see it and my parents are qitg me and getting into the &quot;marvel madness&quot; with me!!!! #movie #movies #film #films #marvel #superhero #doctorstrangeinthemultiverseofmadness #doctorstrange #movietime #movienight #nowwatching🎬 Return to Pandora in December! The official title for Avatar 2 is Avatar: The Way of Water, which is set to be released on December 16th, 2022. #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #Avatar #avatar2 #avatarthewayofwater #pandora #comingsoon Growing up is a beast! Have to say that I liked Pixar&#039;s Turning Red. It can&#039;t quite beat our some of the studio&#039;s fan favorite endeavors, but it is still a solid feature that has a heartwarming tale about growing up, friendships, and relationships. Plus, the animation for movie is terrific. Be sure to check out my full review of the movie on my blog! #movie #movies #film #films #moviereview #moviereviews #filmreview #filmreviews #Disney #pixar #turningred System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| Source Serif Pro ||| Hotel Transylvania: Transformania (2022) Review | Jason&#039;s Movie Blog &nbsp; In 2012, animated director / writer Genndy Tartakovsky (along with a story by Todd Durham) released the cartoon movie Hotel Transylvania. The film, which starred the voice talents of Adam Sandler, Selena Gomez, Andy Samberg, and many others, told the story of Count Dracula’s daughter Mavis and how she finds an unexpected love interest when a human finds his way to her father’s hotel for legendary monsters of legend, causing unrest with Dracula himself. While the film faced mixed reviews from critics, moviegoers (especially the demographic target) found an interest in the animated monster tale, cultivating in a box office number of roughly $358 million against its production budget of $85 million. Given the modest success it found, its sequel Hotel Transylvania 2 was released in 2015, which continued the misadventures of those motley monster gang (and Dracula’s growing family) and saw the return of many (if not all) voice talents returning to their posts. Much like the first film, Hotel Transylvania 2 was met with mixed thoughts and criticisms, but was still able to achieve a box office sum of $473 million (roughly) against its $80 million budget. Several years later, a second sequel was greenlit and 2018 saw the return of Drac and his monster friends in Hotel Transylvania: Summer Vacation. Like before, all the acting talents returned to reprise their roles in the new movie, which saw Dracula and his friends taking a monster cruise vacation, with the vampire finding a new love interest in the form of Ericka Van Helsing, the great grandfather of the legendary monster hunter Van Helsing. Like the first follow-up sequel, Summer Vacation faced mixed reviews, but was able to rake in over $580 million at the box office against its $80 million production budget. Now, four years after the release of Summer Vacation, it’s time to head back to the hotel for monsters as Sony Pictures Animation and directors Derek Drymon and Jennifer Kluska release the newest Hotel Transylvania movie with the film Hotel Transylvania: Transformania. Does this fourth entry in the franchise prove to expand more upon Dracula and his comical monster gang of friends or has the potential for this series lost its special “zing” mantra? It’s a time for celebration as the Hotel Transylvania is have its anniversary monster jubilation, and Dracula (Brian Hull) is ready for retirement, eager to start a new chapter with his new love, Ericka (Kathryn Hahn). However, when his human son-in-law, Johnny (Adam Samberg), decides to crank up the festivities, he ends up destroying the celebration, which causes Dracula to reevaluate his future, deciding to maintain ownership control of the monster castle for the foreseeable future. Feeling down in the dumps, Johnny desires to become a monster to fit in with Drac’s family and friends, with his wish being granted by Van Helsing (Jim Gaffigan), who reveals a “monsterification” ray gun capable of transforming the human into a monster. However, things don’t exactly pan out the right way, with the weapon managing to turn Drac into a human, while pals Murray (Keegan-Michael Key), Wayne (Steve Buscemi), Griffin (David Spade), Frankenstein (Brad Abrell), and Blobby are returned to their original forms. Panicking and out of energy to power the ray gun, Drac is sent to South America to find a new crystal for the machine, joined by Johnny, who views the adventure as a father in-law / son-in law bonding trip. Borrowing some lines from my review Hotel Transylvania: Summer Vacation that I wrote back in 2018…. being a fan of animated movies, I remember seeing the various trailers (back in 2012) for Hotel Transylvania. Judging from the trailers, it looked interesting, but I actually didn’t go and see it in the theaters. I can’t remember the reason why I didn’t see it (I think I was busy at the time of its theatrical release), but I do remember seeing the movie a few years later. If I recall, I think it was a few months before the release Hotel Transylvania 2. Personally, I liked the first Hotel Transylvania as it was filled with plenty of monster fun (in a kid-friendly atmosphere) as well as plenty of comical bits. Plus, the voice talents throughout the characters (both major and minor ones) were great in it, especially Adam Sandler as Dracula and Adam Samberg as Johnny. After viewing that movie, I did watch Hotel Transylvania 2 when it got released in theaters and found it to be satisfying enjoyable. It did have a few problems, but it was still a fun continuation / sequel to the original film, with many of the voice talents return to the feature as well as Tartakovsky returning to the director’s chair. The same can be said with 2018’s Summer Vacation as the second sequel had a lot of fun throughout, despite having a few problematic areas. All in all, I found both Hotel Transylvania movies to be fun animated movies from an animation that’s considered to be more of a second-tier studio (i.e., a non-Disney, Pixar, DreamWorks, or Illumination Entertainment). This brings me back to talking about Hotel Transylvania: Transformania, a 2022 film and the fourth installment in the Hotel Transylvania series. After the conclusion of Summer Vacation, the narrative of Hotel Transylvania seemed to be somewhat complete, yet (of course) the ending leaves room for another installment adventure, which is probably why Transformania was eventually greenlit sometime after 2018 release. While I do welcome the idea of a Hotel Transylvania sequel, I did have a lingering feeling that a fourth entry in the franchise might stretch out the narrative a bit, especially because most of the story (the overall arching story) had come full-circle and closed a lot of the conflict / plot within Drac, Mavis, and Johnny. So, I was a bit surprised when I heard that a Hotel Transylvania 4 was announced sometime after Summer Vacation. After a while, however, I didn’t hear much about the upcoming film. It was until I read (online) that Hotel Transylvania 4 was going to skip a theatrical release (mostly due to the on-going effects of the COVID-19 pandemic) and that it was purchased by Amazon from Sony, which meant that Transformania was going to be exclusively released on Amazon Prime Video streaming. Right before the film was released on their, I decided to check out the film’s trailer and I wasn’t too impressed by it. To be sure, it looked the same style of goofy fun that I would expect from a Hotel Transylvania, but it just seemed like a bit unnecessary installment (as mentioned above). Plus, finding out that actor Adam Sandler was not a part of this project and replaced by a stand-in was a bit disappointing. Still, I did plan on seeing the film, but I decided to watch the movie later on as my schedule during January was a little crazy with work as well as trying to play “catch-up” with the 2021 movie releases. So, with all that done, cleared up, and I’m finally moving onto the 2022 movie releases, I decided to check out this latest Hotel Transylvania movie. And what did I think of it? Well, in a nutshell, it was just okay. While not deplorable or poorly made, Hotel Transylvania: Transformania is a serviceable entry in the animated franchise that gets some things right as well as feeling more like a mad dash of cartoon mayhem that didn’t need to happen. There is entertainment value in the production, but just seems like subpar endeavor to the series. Unlike the rest of the franchise, Hotel Transylvania: Transformania is not directed by creator Genndy Tartakovsky, with directorial duties being passed onto both Derek Drymon and Jennifer Kluska for this animated sequel project. With both of their backgrounds found in animated endeavors (i.e., directing, animation, and storyboarding), Drymon and Kluska seems like suitable choices for helming an animated film such as a Hotel Transylvania installment, with the pair approaching the cartoon with keeping a lot of what made the franchise memorable. The result is something of a mixed bag (more on that below), but I felt that Drymon and Kluska did a decent job in making their own personal mark on the series, while also adhering to what Tartakovsky had did before. As a whole, Transformania does get some things right, with Drymon and Kluska providing plenty of moment that work, especially a few sequences that showcases the dramatic / heart scenes. As for the comedy, I think that Transformania keeps very much in-line with the rest of the Hotel Transylvania series, with the film staging plenty of memorable laugh-out-loud moments throughout the feature. The franchise has always been known for delving (sometimes relying heavily on) the comedy aspects and, while not entirely polished like the previous entries, I think that the comedy Transformania is good and still retains a lot of humorous jokes and gags that many can appreciate, especially the younger demographic. Overall, Drymon / Kluska’s Hotel Transylvania movie makes for a decent outing that finds the series signature of goofy monster slapstick comedy and a couple of heartfelt nuggets. What could’ve been better or worse, Transformania manages to find a middle ground, which is serviceable to watch, yet not as strong as past entries. The story for Transformania is credited to Genndy Tartakovsky as well as Amos Vernon and Nunzio Randazzo, with the former director showcasing a few poignance moments in and out of the feature. While majority of the Hotel Transylvania movies are about the relationship between Drac and Mavis, Transformania smartly repositions the narrative to focus on the relationship between Drac and Johnny, Mavis’s human husband / Drac’s son-in law. It’s clever that the film follows the building bonds between Drac and Johnny, especially with their bodily transformations playing a part of the narrative being told. This is made even more apparent that the story of Transformania focuses on Johnny’s inherit acceptance of who he is…..be it monster or human, which coincides with Drac’s acceptance of his past relationship with his late-wife and his on-going relationship with his daughter. Overall, I think that the film’s core story could’ve been better handled, but, for what that is given, Transformania finds its rhythm in how it presents everything and how the film portrays the bonds between Drac and Johnny in the right / correct way. In the presentation category, Transformania is good overall, yet still not the best at what the series can offer, especially from some of the earlier installments. To be sure…. the Hotel Transylvania has always carried its own particular animated swagger on how it presents its background setting as well as the various characters (monster and human alike) within its surroundings. Transformania retains that certain style of animation throughout the entire picture, but does lack the ingenuity and creativeness that the previous movies were able to achieve. The first film made good use of references to hotel life / themes, while Summer Vacation utilized staying on a cruise ship fun and humorous. Transformania, while trying to South America, sort of lacks the creative fun. Don’t get me wrong, the color palette for the film still looks great and bright, but nothing really stands out as much. Nevertheless, I do praise the efforts by Michael Isaak (art direction) and Richard Daskas (production design) as well as the animators for making Transformania colorful and inviting to watch. Also, the film’s score, which was composed by Mark Mothersbaugh, does a good job in making the film’s musical composition come alive by hitting the right tones of comedy, heart, and dramatic nuances. Overall, solid work on Mothersbaugh. Unfortunately, while the movie is not a complete trainwreck, Transformania ends up having several problem points of criticism, which makes the feature being the weakest entry in the entire Hotel Transylvania series. How so? Well, for the most part, the movie does seem a bit unnecessary. What do I mean by that? Basically, as I mentioned above, the conclusion of Summer Vacation pretty much concluded most of the major plot threads of the franchise. Drac found a new love, Mavis accepted it, Mavis and Johnny are happy together, etc. So, the idea of continuing the main narrative thread of the Hotel Transylvania seems a bit redundant and a tad superfluous, especially since the story (for the entire series) really didn’t need to be expanded upon further. This, of course, makes the movie itself feel unnecessary right from the off by adding a sort of coda entry to the franchise that doesn’t really need to be told. Of course, the story in Transformania does manage to find some poignant meaning, yet (at the same time) lacks the same type of memorable narrative bits that the previous installments were able to achieve. Naturally, the film’s slapstick comedy helps elevate this particular point of criticism, but it’s hard to justify another endeavor in the Hotel Transylvania franchise. Thus, while Transformania tries to make an impact on the series, it actually ends up being superfluous and weakest entry. In addition to this notion, the film certainly does lack the finesse of direction, especially (as mentioned above) that creator Genndy Tartakovsky did not helm this particular project. While the reason behind such a decision isn’t fully disclose, one can easily see the differences between what Tartakovsky did with the previous animated films and what Drymon / Kluska do with Transformania. As stated, the Hotel Transylvania movies don’t have the same type of caliber as a Disney / Pixar endeavor, but still manage to make for some good fun cartoon tomfoolery with its comedic angst and gags, which was mostly in part of Tartakovsky’s efforts. Unfortunately, the combined efforts by Drymon and Kluska are only decent at best, which makes Transformania seem like a cheaper / subpar entry in the animated series. This can be coupled with several noticeable areas, including pacing, narrative progression, and a too wide of focus on a variety of characters. It’s not a trainwreck of an endeavor, for Drymon and Kluska do manage to salvage some elements that are fun and inherit to the franchise, yet it just feels like the project just feels like a middling production that never really goes anywhere nor doesn’t drum up the same type of motivation as the previous movies. Additionally, the film’s ending seems a bit rushed as the final minutes of Transformania try to wrap up everything, yet feels hollow and haphazardly put together, which is odd considering that this film is supposed to be the final entry of the franchise. The voice talents involved in Transformania are mostly solid across the board, with a lot of returning actors and actresses reprising their roles from the previous installments. That being said…. perhaps the biggest change up to the voices for Transformania is the omission of actor Adam Sandler, who had provided the voice for Hotel Transylvania’s main protagonist of Dracula. In Transformania, the character of Drac is voiced by actor Brian Hull, who is known for Pop Star, Puppy Star Christmas, and Monster Pets: A Hotel Transylvania Short Film. Given the fact that he had previously done work in Monster Pets as Drac, Hull seems like a suitable stand-in replacement for Sandler, for he does do a decent job in mirroring Sandler’s voicework in the cartoon character. That being said, it just seems like a “poor mans” iteration of the Sandler’s voice as sometimes it works, while other times it does. Hull just like the official pizzazz and energy that Sandler was able to achieve, which made Dracula that much more fun and memorable. It is quite unclear why Sandler decided to opt out from participating in Transformania, but his absence in the film is missed. Personally, while I’m not the biggest fan of Sandler movies of recent, I did really like him as Drac in the Hotel Transylvania films. So…on a personal level…having Hull replacing Sandler in the movie is a bit of a sour note and a disappointment….to a certain degree. Still, regardless of that point, I think Hull did a decent job as Dracula in Transformania. Beyond the character of Dracula, the other two important characters in the film would be Mavis and Johnny, Drac’s daughter and human son-in law. Fortunately, unlike the replacement of Sandler, both actress / musician Selena Gomez and actor Andy Samberg return to their Hotel Transylvania post in reprising their roles….and more for the better. Of the two, Samberg, who is known for his roles in Palm Springs, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, and Saturday Night Live, gets more of the spotlight and character growth in Transformania, with the character of Johnny becoming more of focal point of the feature, which is a good thing especially after Summer Vacation sort of made him a secondary character. Thankfully, the story of Johnny gets more incorporated into the main narrative in this movie and feels more important to what is going on, especially in his relationship with Drac throughout the film. Gomez, who is known for her roles in Spring Breakers, Monte Carlo, and Wizards of Waverly Place, does still continue to be a solid voice work in bringing the character of Marvis to life; a combination of wit and charm to make her role memorable throughout. The only problem, however, is that the story being told in Transformania doesn’t seem to revolve much around her in comparison to the other Hotel Transylvania entries. Still, for better or worse, Gomez is good as Mavis. Of the supporting players, the only acting talent that doesn’t return for Transformania, is actor Kevin James (a frequent collaborator of Sandler), who originally provided the voice for Frank (i.e. Frankenstein’s monster) for the past three Hotel Transylvania movies. James is replaced in Transformania by actor Brad Abrell (Men in Black and SpongeBob SquarePants) and is a bit of a downgrade in my opinion. While Hull does give a somewhat familiar tone of sounding like Sandler as Drac, Abrell can’t quite make his voice sound like James, which makes the character of Frank (or rather the voice of Frank) seem a bit awkward and off-putting….as if trying to do a bad impersonation that doesn’t go well. The rest of the characters are returning voice talents from the previous films and are sprinkled throughout the feature. This includes actor Asher Blinkoff (Bling and The Jungle Book) as Mavis and Johnny’s son Dennis, actor Jim Gaffigan (Away We Go and Chappaquiddick) as the monster hunter Van Helsing, actress Kathryn Hahn (Bad Moms and WandaVision) as Drac’s new love interest and Van Helsing’s great, great granddaughter, actress Fran Drescher (The Nanny and Happily Divorced) as Frank’s wife Eunice, actor Steve Buscemi (Boardwalk Empire and Reservoir Dogs) as the werewolf Wayne, actress Molly Shannon (Superstar and Never Been Kissed) as Wayne’s wife Wanda, actor David Spade (Tommy Boy and Joe Dirt) as Griffin (i.e. the Invisible Man), actor Keegan Michael-Key (Pitch Perfect 2 and Keanu) as the ancient mummy Murray, and even Genndy Tartakovsky returns to reprise his small vocal performance for the character of Blobby (I know it’s a running gag character, but I do love the character of blobby). Like before, these players are side / supporting characters in the movie and, while have some larger than others, most of the vocal talents involved bring their genuine “A” game in bring these characters to life with their energetic and animated voices. Perhaps the only the downside (as mentioned above) is that some of the primary characters of the past films (i.e., Ericka and Dennis) are pushed aside in Transformania, which is disappointing. In order to avoid catastrophe of a “monster” transformation, Dracula, Johnny, Mavis, and the rest of the gang must go on journey to switch everything back in the movie Hotel Transylvania: Transformania. Directors Derek Drymon and Jennifer Kluska’s latest film enters the animated adventures of humans and monster within the fourth installment of this cartoon tale. While the film still retains the signature variety of humor and sentiment that had proceed before as well as a solid voice talent casting across the board, the movie does seem to struggle slightly due to the formulaic narrative, lacking strength in a few areas, and a rushed conclusion, especially for a final entry endeavor. Personally, I thought that this movie was okay. It wasn’t horrible or poorly made as the film did produce some highlighted moments throughout, but it just felt like problematic in a key area and wasn’t as strong as some of the previous installments. Also, the absence of Sandler (and even James) is something I felt in the movie…lacking their usually pizzazz vocals. This, of course, makes (at least in my opinion) Transformania the weakest Hotel Transylvania entries. Still, the movie is still manageable and serviceable for a slapstick goofy animated feature for kids out there, which is why I would give my recommendation for the film a solid “rent it” as it will pass the time for those out there looking for some animated distraction. It doesn’t reinvent the wheel or anything poignant, but it is something to be expected from this franchise of animated monsters. While it has been confirmed that this movie is the last in the series, it wouldn’t surprise me if another sequel endeavor will be planned in the near future. Hopefully, if one does materialize, it will provide something new and refreshing to its presentation, but (as I said) it’s pretty much concluded everything. Thus, Hotel Transylvania: Transformania, while the least impactful of the saga, does what it sets out to do…. depicting the final installment in the story of Dracula, Mavis, Johnny, and the whole gang in a cartoon adventure that is easy to digest, funny at times, and finding a few fleeting moments of heart. &nbsp; Hotel Transylvania: Transformania is 97 minutes long and is rated PG for some action and rude humor, including cartoon nudity Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,446 other subscribers Email Address Follow Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Follow Search for: Posted on March 30, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment A SERVICEABLE (YET UNCESSARY) MONSTER CODA TO THE FRANCHISE Released On: January 14th, 2022 January 14th, 2022 Reviewed On: March 30th, 2022 March 30th, 2022 Twitter Facebook Reddit Email Print Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Pocket Telegram WhatsApp Skype Like Like Loading... tagged with Andy Samberg, Brian Hull, Derek Drymon, Films, Genndy Tartakovsky, Hotel Transylvania, Hotel Transylvania: Transformania, Jennifer Kluska, movie reviews, movies, Selena Gomez Reviews By the grace of Shaddam IV of House Corrino, ascendant to the Golden Lion Throne of Padishah Emperor of the Known Universe.! Just announced that actor Christopher Walken will play the Emperor in Denis Villeneuve&#039;s Dune: Part II! #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #filmmews #Dune #dunepart2 #christopherwalken #frankherbert #casting This family is our fortress! Be sure to check out the official teaser for Avatar: The Way of Water on my blog. #movie #movies #film #films #comingsoon #pandora #avatarthewayofwater #Avatar #avatar2 Doctor Strange time! At the movies seeing Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Super excited to see it and my parents are qitg me and getting into the &quot;marvel madness&quot; with me!!!! #movie #movies #film #films #marvel #superhero #doctorstrangeinthemultiverseofmadness #doctorstrange #movietime #movienight #nowwatching🎬 Return to Pandora in December! The official title for Avatar 2 is Avatar: The Way of Water, which is set to be released on December 16th, 2022. #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #Avatar #avatar2 #avatarthewayofwater #pandora #comingsoon Growing up is a beast! Have to say that I liked Pixar&#039;s Turning Red. It can&#039;t quite beat our some of the studio&#039;s fan favorite endeavors, but it is still a solid feature that has a heartwarming tale about growing up, friendships, and relationships. Plus, the animation for movie is terrific. Be sure to check out my full review of the movie on my blog! #movie #movies #film #films #moviereview #moviereviews #filmreview #filmreviews #Disney #pixar #turningred &nbsp; Loading Comments... &nbsp; %d System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| Official Guide to Government Information and Services &#124; USAGov Please enable JavaScript in your web browser; otherwise some parts of this site might not work properly. An official website of the United States government Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. USA.gov is your online guide to government information and services. Learn what you can do on this site All Topics and Services Have a question about the USA? Learn where to find answers to the most requested facts about the United States of America. Learn about government programs that provide financial help for individuals and organizations. Learn how to be a safe consumer, what to do when a purchase or service goes wrong, and more. Learn about the types of assistance the federal government offers people and businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Find information for people with disabilities. Learn how to prepare for and recover from disasters and emergencies. Find government information on education including primary, secondary, and higher education. Find information for federal, state, and local government agencies and elected officials. Find health resources from the government. Get information and services to help with finding and keeping a home. Find out how and where to look for a new job or career, get help if you are unemployed, and more. Learn how to report a crime, locate a federal inmate, research common U.S. laws, and file a complaint against the government. Learn more about help for veterans and service members, joining the military, and more. Learn about taxes, money the government may owe you, investing, credit help, and more. Learn the steps to start a small business, get financing help from the government, and more. Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. Find answers to common questions about voting in the United States. USAGov is the Official Guide to Government Information and Services Please enable JavaScript in your web browser; otherwise some parts of this site might not work properly. Here's how you know Lock A locked padlock Espa&ntilde;ol MENU Main Navigation Close Search Search Search 1-844-USA-GOV1 expanded current page previous next All Topics and Services About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Buying from the U.S. Government Auctions and Sales Surplus Sales by State Contact Elected Officials Forms, by Agency State, Local, and Tribal Governments Contact Elected Officials Governors Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Local Governments State Attorneys General State Consumer Protection Offices State Emergency Management Agencies State Governments State Health Departments State, County, and Municipal Courts Travel and Tourism Information, by State History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Crime and Prisons Crimes Involving Children Prisons and Prisoners Reporting Crime State Corrections Departments Federal Laws and Regulations Branches of the U.S. Government Commonly Requested U.S. Laws and Regulations How Laws Are Made and How to Research Them Pollution Issues Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Child Support Complaints Family Legal Issues Genealogy and Family History Lawyers and Legal Advice Replace Your Vital Records Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Your Legal Disability Rights Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Consumer Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Banks and Lender Complaints Car Complaints Housing-Related Complaints Phone and TV Complaints Travel Complaints U.S. Postal Service Issues Sample Complaint Letter Money and Taxes Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Credit and Debt Credit Issues Credit Reports and Scores Dealing with Debt Currency Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Retirement Spending, Saving and Investing Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Donating to Charity Mortgages Retirement Taxes Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks Filing Your Taxes IRS Scams Resolve Tax Disputes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Return Status Tax Withholding Unclaimed Money from the Government Recalled Products Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds State Consumer Protection Offices Telemarketing and Unwanted Mail COVID-19 Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks COVID-19 Health Information, Vaccines, and Testing COVID-19 Small Business Loans and Assistance COVID-19 Unemployment Benefits Financial Assistance for Food, Housing, and Bills Government Response to Coronavirus, COVID-19 Passports and Travel During the COVID-19 Pandemic Scams Related to COVID-19 Disability Services Benefits and Insurance Caregiver Support Financial Assistance and Support Services Government and Local Disability Programs Jobs and Education Veterans Disability Benefits Your Legal Disability Rights Disasters and Emergencies After a Disaster Disaster Financial Assistance Disaster Financial Assistance for Workers and Small Business Owners Disaster Financial Assistance with Food, Housing, and Bills Financial Assistance Within Designated Natural Disaster Areas Help Survivors of a Disaster State Emergency Management Agencies Education College and Higher Education Financial Aid for Students Learn English and Attend College in the U.S. Libraries and Archives Manage and Repay Student Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Crime and Prisons Federal Laws and Regulations Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Your Legal Disability Rights Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Buying from the U.S. Government Auctions and Sales Surplus Sales by State Contact Elected Officials Forms, by Agency State, Local, and Tribal Governments Contact Elected Officials Governors Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Local Governments State Attorneys General State Consumer Protection Offices State Emergency Management Agencies State Governments State Health Departments State, County, and Municipal Courts Travel and Tourism Information, by State Health Doctors and Medical Facilities Health Information from the Government Health Insurance Finding Health Insurance Medicaid and CHIP Medicare Paying for Medical Care Medications Mental Health and Substance Abuse State Health Departments Vaccines and Immunizations Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Jobs and Unemployment Labor Laws and Issues Looking for a New Job Find a Federal Government Job Find a Job Retirement Small Business Business Keyword Search Finance Your Business Importing and Exporting Introduction to Government Contracting Get Help with Government Contracting The Contract Opportunities Search Tool on beta.SAM.gov Small Business Taxes Start Your Own Business State Business Resources U.S. Government Employees Find a Federal Government Job Pay and Benefits for Federal Employees Protecting the Federal Workforce from COVID-19 Unemployment Help Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Banks and Lender Complaints Car Complaints Housing-Related Complaints Phone and TV Complaints Travel Complaints U.S. Postal Service Issues Sample Complaint Letter Crime and Prisons Crimes Involving Children Prisons and Prisoners Reporting Crime State Corrections Departments Federal Laws and Regulations Branches of the U.S. Government Commonly Requested U.S. Laws and Regulations How Laws Are Made and How to Research Them Pollution Issues Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Child Support Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Family Legal Issues Genealogy and Family History Lawyers and Legal Advice Replace Your Vital Records Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Your Legal Disability Rights Military and Veterans Join the Military Locate Military Members, Units, and Facilities Military and Veterans Education Benefits Military Pay and Pensions Military Programs and Benefits Military Records and Identification Selective Service (the Draft) Veterans Burial and Survivor Benefits Veterans Health Benefits and Issues Veterans Housing Help Veterans Jobs and Training Money and Taxes Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Consumer Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Recalled Products Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds State Consumer Protection Offices Telemarketing and Unwanted Mail Credit and Debt Credit Issues Credit Reports and Scores Dealing with Debt Currency Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Retirement Spending, Saving and Investing Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Car Complaints Motor Vehicle Services Donating to Charity Mortgages Retirement Taxes Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks Filing Your Taxes Do You Need to File a Tax Return? Get Help with Your Taxes Get Your Tax Forms How to File Your Federal Taxes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Credits and Deductions IRS Scams Resolve Tax Disputes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Return Status Tax Withholding Unclaimed Money from the Government Small Business Business Keyword Search Finance Your Business Importing and Exporting Introduction to Government Contracting Get Help with Government Contracting The Contract Opportunities Search Tool on beta.SAM.gov Small Business Taxes Start Your Own Business State Business Resources Travel and Immigration Immigration and Citizenship Deportation Green Cards and Permanent Residence in the U.S. How to Apply for U.S. Citizenship How to Enter the U.S. Renounce or Lose Your U.S. Citizenship Passports and International Travel Getting or Renewing a U.S. Passport International Travel Issues Issues with Family Outside the U.S. Passports and Travel During the COVID-19 Pandemic Travel Complaints U.S. Passport Fees, Facilities or Problems Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Car Complaints Motor Vehicle Services Recreational Areas and Activities Travel and Tourism Information, by State Travel by Plane Travel Complaints Visas and Visiting the U.S. Apply for Nonimmigrant Visas to the U.S. Foreign Nationals Driving in the U.S. Learn English and Attend College in the U.S. Visa Status, Renewals, or Problems Visitors Living in the U.S. Voting and Elections Congressional, State, and Local Elections Decide Who to Vote For Find My State or Local Election Office Website How, Where, and When to Vote Absentee and Early Voting Do You Have to Vote for the Party You&#039;re Registered With? Voting on Election Day Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Inauguration of the President of the United States Presidential Election Process Voter Registration Change Your Voter Registration Confirm You&#039;re Registered to Vote How to Get a Voter Registration Card How to Register to Vote Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections All Topics and Services About the U.S. Branches of the U.S. GovernmentBudget of the U.S. GovernmentData and Statistics About the U.S. History and Historical DocumentsAmerican FlagLearn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First LadiesGovernment Agencies and Elected OfficialsLaws and Legal Issues About the U.S. Benefits, Grants, Loans BenefitsState Social Service AgenciesHelp with Bills Grants and LoansFood AssistanceSocial Security Questions Affordable Rental HousingFinancial Aid for StudentsMilitary Programs and Benefits RetirementUnemployment Help Benefits, Grants, Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government AgenciesState, Local, and Tribal GovernmentsContact Elected Officials Forms, by AgencyBuying from the U.S. GovernmentAbout the U.S. Branches of the U.S. GovernmentBudget of the U.S. Government Government Agencies and Elected Officials Jobs and Unemployment Looking for a New JobUnemployment HelpLabor Laws and Issues U.S. Government EmployeesRetirementSmall Business Jobs and Unemployment Money and Taxes TaxesCredit and DebtSpending, Saving and Investing Unclaimed Money from the GovernmentCurrencyBenefits, Grants, Loans Consumer IssuesHousingRetirement Money and Taxes Travel and Immigration Passports and International TravelImmigration and CitizenshipVisas and Visiting the U.S. Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Travel and Immigration Search All Topics and Services About the U.S. Benefits, Grants, Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials Jobs and Unemployment Money and Taxes Travel and Immigration How Do I ... Check the status of my tax refundFile a federal tax returnApply for or renew my passportGet&nbsp;COVID-19 pandemic helpGet government benefits and financial assistance USA.gov is your online guide to government information and services.Learn what you can do on this site All Topics and Services U.S. Government Services and Information About the U.S. Have a question about the USA? Learn where to find answers to the most requested facts about the United States of America. Benefits, Grants, Loans Learn about government programs that provide financial help for individuals and organizations. Consumer Issues Learn how to be a safe consumer, what to do when a purchase or service goes wrong, and more. COVID-19 Learn about the types of assistance the federal government offers people and businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Disability Services Find information for people with disabilities. Disasters and Emergencies Learn how to prepare for and recover from disasters and emergencies. Education Find government information on education including primary, secondary, and higher education. Government Agencies and Elected Officials Find information for federal, state, and local government agencies and elected officials. Health Find health resources from the government. Housing Get information and services to help with finding and keeping a home. Jobs and Unemployment Find out how and where to look for a new job or career, get help if you are unemployed, and more. Laws and Legal Issues Learn how to report a crime, locate a federal inmate, research common U.S. laws, and file a complaint against the government. Military and Veterans Learn more about help for veterans and service members, joining the military, and more. Money and Taxes Learn about taxes, money the government may owe you, investing, credit help, and more. Small Business Learn the steps to start a small business, get financing help from the government, and more. Travel and Immigration Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. Voting and Elections Find answers to common questions about voting in the United States. Top About the U.S. Benefits, Grants, Loans Consumer Issues COVID-19 Disability Services Disasters and Emergencies Education Government Agencies and Elected Officials Health Housing Jobs and Unemployment Laws and Legal Issues Military and Veterans Money and Taxes Small Business Travel and Immigration Voting and Elections System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| Branches of the U.S. Government &#124; USAGov Please enable JavaScript in your web browser; otherwise some parts of this site might not work properly. An official website of the United States government Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Learn about the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the U.S. government. The&nbsp;Constitution of the United States&nbsp;divides the federal government into three branches to make sure no individual or group will have too much power: Each branch of government can change acts of the other branches: This ability of each branch to respond to the actions of the other branches is called the system of checks and balances. The legislative branch&nbsp;drafts proposed laws, confirms or rejects presidential nominations for heads of federal agencies, federal judges, and the Supreme Court, and has the authority to declare war. This branch includes Congress (the Senate and House of Representatives) and&nbsp;special agencies and offices&nbsp;that provide support services to Congress. American citizens have the right to vote for Senators and Representatives through free, confidential ballots. Congress is composed of two parts: The legislative branch includes Congress and the agencies that support its work. The&nbsp;executive branch&nbsp;carries out and enforces laws. It includes the president, vice president, the Cabinet, executive departments, independent agencies, and other boards, commissions, and committees. American citizens have the right to vote for the president and vice president through free, confidential ballots. Key roles of the executive branch include: Much of the work in the executive branch is done by federal agencies, departments, committees, and other groups. The Executive Office of the president communicates the president&#39;s message and deals with the federal budget, security, and other high priorities. These are the main agencies of the federal government. The heads of these 15 agencies are also members of the president&#39;s cabinet. Smaller sub-agencies support specialized work within their parent executive department agencies. These agencies are not represented in the cabinet and are not part of the Executive Office of the president. They deal with government operations, the economy, and regulatory oversight. Congress or the president establish these smaller organizations to manage specific tasks and areas that don&#39;t fall under parent agencies. Although they&#39;re not officially part of the executive branch, these agencies are required by federal statute to release certain information about their programs and activities in the Federal Register, the daily journal of government activities. The&nbsp;judicial branch&nbsp;interprets the meaning of laws, applies laws to individual cases, and decides if laws violate the Constitution. It is comprised of the Supreme Court and other federal courts. The Supreme Court is the highest court in the United States. The Justices of the Supreme Court are nominated by the president and must be approved by the Senate. The Constitution gives Congress the authority to establish other federal courts to handle cases that involve federal laws including tax and bankruptcy, lawsuits involving U.S. and state governments or the Constitution, and more. Other federal judicial agencies and programs support the courts and research judicial policy. Appointments for Supreme Court Justices and other federal judgeships follow the same basic process: Learn how cases reach the Supreme Court and how the justices make their decisions. Use this lesson plan in class. View a larger version of the infographic. Most cases reach the Court on appeal. An appeal is a request for a higher court to reverse the decision of a lower court. Most appeals come from federal courts. They can come from state courts if a case deals with federal law. Rarely, the Court hears a new case, such as one between states. Dissatisfied parties petition the Court for reviewParties may appeal their case to the Supreme Court, petitioning the Court to review the decision of the lower court. Justices study documentsThe Justices examine the petition and supporting materials. Justices voteFour Justices must vote in favor for a case to be granted review. Parties make argumentsThe Justices review the briefs (written arguments) and hear oral arguments. In oral arguments, each side usually has 30 minutes to present its case. The Justices typically ask many questions during this time. Justices write opinionsThe Justices vote on the case and write their opinions.The majority opinion shared by more than half of the Justices becomes the Court&rsquo;s decision.Justices who disagree with the majority opinion write dissenting or minority opinions. The Court issues its decisionJustices may change their vote after reading first drafts of the opinions. Once the opinions are completed and all of the Justices have cast a final vote, the Court &ldquo;hands down&rdquo; its decision.All cases are heard and decided before summer recess. It can take up to nine months to announce a decision. The Court receives 7,000-8,000 requests for review and grants 70-80 for oral argument. Other requests are granted and decided without argument. There are nine Justices: When a new Justice is needed: Justices are appointed for life, though they may resign or retire. Ask a real person any government-related question for free. They'll get you the answer or let you know where to find it. Last Updated: January 31, 2022 USAGov is the Official Guide to Government Information and Services Please enable JavaScript in your web browser; otherwise some parts of this site might not work properly. Here's how you know Lock A locked padlock Espa&ntilde;ol MENU About the U.S. Main Navigation Close Search Search Search 1-844-USA-GOV1 expanded current page previous next All Topics and Services About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Buying from the U.S. Government Auctions and Sales Surplus Sales by State Contact Elected Officials Forms, by Agency State, Local, and Tribal Governments Contact Elected Officials Governors Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Local Governments State Attorneys General State Consumer Protection Offices State Emergency Management Agencies State Governments State Health Departments State, County, and Municipal Courts Travel and Tourism Information, by State History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Crime and Prisons Crimes Involving Children Prisons and Prisoners Reporting Crime State Corrections Departments Federal Laws and Regulations Branches of the U.S. Government Commonly Requested U.S. Laws and Regulations How Laws Are Made and How to Research Them Pollution Issues Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Child Support Complaints Family Legal Issues Genealogy and Family History Lawyers and Legal Advice Replace Your Vital Records Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Your Legal Disability Rights Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Consumer Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Banks and Lender Complaints Car Complaints Housing-Related Complaints Phone and TV Complaints Travel Complaints U.S. Postal Service Issues Sample Complaint Letter Money and Taxes Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Credit and Debt Credit Issues Credit Reports and Scores Dealing with Debt Currency Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Retirement Spending, Saving and Investing Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Donating to Charity Mortgages Retirement Taxes Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks Filing Your Taxes IRS Scams Resolve Tax Disputes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Return Status Tax Withholding Unclaimed Money from the Government Recalled Products Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds State Consumer Protection Offices Telemarketing and Unwanted Mail COVID-19 Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks COVID-19 Health Information, Vaccines, and Testing COVID-19 Small Business Loans and Assistance COVID-19 Unemployment Benefits Financial Assistance for Food, Housing, and Bills Government Response to Coronavirus, COVID-19 Passports and Travel During the COVID-19 Pandemic Scams Related to COVID-19 Disability Services Benefits and Insurance Caregiver Support Financial Assistance and Support Services Government and Local Disability Programs Jobs and Education Veterans Disability Benefits Your Legal Disability Rights Disasters and Emergencies After a Disaster Disaster Financial Assistance Disaster Financial Assistance for Workers and Small Business Owners Disaster Financial Assistance with Food, Housing, and Bills Financial Assistance Within Designated Natural Disaster Areas Help Survivors of a Disaster State Emergency Management Agencies Education College and Higher Education Financial Aid for Students Learn English and Attend College in the U.S. Libraries and Archives Manage and Repay Student Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Crime and Prisons Federal Laws and Regulations Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Your Legal Disability Rights Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Buying from the U.S. Government Auctions and Sales Surplus Sales by State Contact Elected Officials Forms, by Agency State, Local, and Tribal Governments Contact Elected Officials Governors Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Local Governments State Attorneys General State Consumer Protection Offices State Emergency Management Agencies State Governments State Health Departments State, County, and Municipal Courts Travel and Tourism Information, by State Health Doctors and Medical Facilities Health Information from the Government Health Insurance Finding Health Insurance Medicaid and CHIP Medicare Paying for Medical Care Medications Mental Health and Substance Abuse State Health Departments Vaccines and Immunizations Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Jobs and Unemployment Labor Laws and Issues Looking for a New Job Find a Federal Government Job Find a Job Retirement Small Business Business Keyword Search Finance Your Business Importing and Exporting Introduction to Government Contracting Get Help with Government Contracting The Contract Opportunities Search Tool on beta.SAM.gov Small Business Taxes Start Your Own Business State Business Resources U.S. Government Employees Find a Federal Government Job Pay and Benefits for Federal Employees Protecting the Federal Workforce from COVID-19 Unemployment Help Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Banks and Lender Complaints Car Complaints Housing-Related Complaints Phone and TV Complaints Travel Complaints U.S. Postal Service Issues Sample Complaint Letter Crime and Prisons Crimes Involving Children Prisons and Prisoners Reporting Crime State Corrections Departments Federal Laws and Regulations Branches of the U.S. Government Commonly Requested U.S. Laws and Regulations How Laws Are Made and How to Research Them Pollution Issues Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Child Support Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Family Legal Issues Genealogy and Family History Lawyers and Legal Advice Replace Your Vital Records Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Your Legal Disability Rights Military and Veterans Join the Military Locate Military Members, Units, and Facilities Military and Veterans Education Benefits Military Pay and Pensions Military Programs and Benefits Military Records and Identification Selective Service (the Draft) Veterans Burial and Survivor Benefits Veterans Health Benefits and Issues Veterans Housing Help Veterans Jobs and Training Money and Taxes Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Consumer Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Recalled Products Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds State Consumer Protection Offices Telemarketing and Unwanted Mail Credit and Debt Credit Issues Credit Reports and Scores Dealing with Debt Currency Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Retirement Spending, Saving and Investing Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Car Complaints Motor Vehicle Services Donating to Charity Mortgages Retirement Taxes Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks Filing Your Taxes Do You Need to File a Tax Return? Get Help with Your Taxes Get Your Tax Forms How to File Your Federal Taxes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Credits and Deductions IRS Scams Resolve Tax Disputes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Return Status Tax Withholding Unclaimed Money from the Government Small Business Business Keyword Search Finance Your Business Importing and Exporting Introduction to Government Contracting Get Help with Government Contracting The Contract Opportunities Search Tool on beta.SAM.gov Small Business Taxes Start Your Own Business State Business Resources Travel and Immigration Immigration and Citizenship Deportation Green Cards and Permanent Residence in the U.S. How to Apply for U.S. Citizenship How to Enter the U.S. Renounce or Lose Your U.S. Citizenship Passports and International Travel Getting or Renewing a U.S. Passport International Travel Issues Issues with Family Outside the U.S. Passports and Travel During the COVID-19 Pandemic Travel Complaints U.S. Passport Fees, Facilities or Problems Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Car Complaints Motor Vehicle Services Recreational Areas and Activities Travel and Tourism Information, by State Travel by Plane Travel Complaints Visas and Visiting the U.S. Apply for Nonimmigrant Visas to the U.S. Foreign Nationals Driving in the U.S. Learn English and Attend College in the U.S. Visa Status, Renewals, or Problems Visitors Living in the U.S. Voting and Elections Congressional, State, and Local Elections Decide Who to Vote For Find My State or Local Election Office Website How, Where, and When to Vote Absentee and Early Voting Do You Have to Vote for the Party You&#039;re Registered With? Voting on Election Day Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Inauguration of the President of the United States Presidential Election Process Voter Registration Change Your Voter Registration Confirm You&#039;re Registered to Vote How to Get a Voter Registration Card How to Register to Vote Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections All Topics and Services About the U.S. Branches of the U.S. GovernmentBudget of the U.S. GovernmentData and Statistics About the U.S. History and Historical DocumentsAmerican FlagLearn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First LadiesGovernment Agencies and Elected OfficialsLaws and Legal Issues About the U.S. Benefits, Grants, Loans BenefitsState Social Service AgenciesHelp with Bills Grants and LoansFood AssistanceSocial Security Questions Affordable Rental HousingFinancial Aid for StudentsMilitary Programs and Benefits RetirementUnemployment Help Benefits, Grants, Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government AgenciesState, Local, and Tribal GovernmentsContact Elected Officials Forms, by AgencyBuying from the U.S. GovernmentAbout the U.S. Branches of the U.S. GovernmentBudget of the U.S. Government Government Agencies and Elected Officials Jobs and Unemployment Looking for a New JobUnemployment HelpLabor Laws and Issues U.S. Government EmployeesRetirementSmall Business Jobs and Unemployment Money and Taxes TaxesCredit and DebtSpending, Saving and Investing Unclaimed Money from the GovernmentCurrencyBenefits, Grants, Loans Consumer IssuesHousingRetirement Money and Taxes Travel and Immigration Passports and International TravelImmigration and CitizenshipVisas and Visiting the U.S. Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Travel and Immigration About the U.S. Search All Topics and Services About the U.S. Benefits, Grants, Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials Jobs and Unemployment Money and Taxes Travel and Immigration About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. Government Agencies and Elected Officials History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Branches of the U.S. Government Learn about the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the U.S. government. On This Page How the U.S. Government Is Organized Legislative Branch of the U.S. Government Executive Branch of the U.S. Government Judicial Branch of the U.S. Government Infographic: How the Supreme Court Works How the U.S. Government Is Organized The&nbsp;Constitution of the United States&nbsp;divides the federal government into three branches to make sure no individual or group will have too much power:Legislative&mdash;Makes laws (Congress, comprised of the House of Representatives and Senate)Executive&mdash;Carries out laws (president, vice president, Cabinet, most federal agencies)Judicial&mdash;Evaluates laws (Supreme Court and other courts)Each branch of government can change acts of the other branches:The president can veto legislation created by Congress and nominates heads of federal agencies.Congress confirms or rejects the president&#39;s nominees and can remove the president from office in exceptional circumstances.The Justices of the Supreme Court, who can overturn unconstitutional laws, are nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate.This ability of each branch to respond to the actions of the other branches is called the system of checks and balances. Legislative Branch of the U.S. Government The legislative branch&nbsp;drafts proposed laws, confirms or rejects presidential nominations for heads of federal agencies, federal judges, and the Supreme Court, and has the authority to declare war. This branch includes Congress (the Senate and House of Representatives) and&nbsp;special agencies and offices&nbsp;that provide support services to Congress. American citizens have the right to vote for Senators and Representatives through free, confidential ballots.CongressCongress is composed of two parts:Senate&mdash;There are two elected Senators per state, totaling 100 Senators. A Senate term is six years and there is no limit to the number of terms an individual can serve.House of Representatives&mdash;There are 435 elected Representatives, which are divided among the 50 states in proportion to their total population. There are additional non-voting delegates who represent the District of Columbia and the territories. A Representative serves a two-year term, and there is no limit to the number of terms an individual can serve.Legislative Branch AgenciesThe legislative branch includes Congress and the agencies that support its work.Architect of the CapitolCongressional Budget OfficeCongressional Research ServiceCopyright OfficeGovernment Accountability OfficeGovernment Publishing OfficeHouse Office of Inspector GeneralHouse Office of the ClerkJoint Congressional Committee on Inaugural CeremoniesLibrary of CongressMedicaid and CHIP Payment and Access CommissionMedicare Payment Advisory CommissionOffice of Congressional Workplace RightsOpen World Leadership CenterStennis Center for Public ServiceU.S. Botanic GardenU.S. Capitol PoliceU.S. Capitol Visitor CenterU.S. House of RepresentativesU.S. Senate Executive Branch of the U.S. Government The&nbsp;executive branch&nbsp;carries out and enforces laws. It includes the president, vice president, the Cabinet, executive departments, independent agencies, and other boards, commissions, and committees.American citizens have the right to vote for the president and vice president through free, confidential ballots.Key roles of the executive branch include:President&mdash;The president leads the country. He or she is the head of state, leader of the federal government, and Commander in Chief of the United States armed forces. The president serves a four-year term and can be elected no more than two times.Vice president&mdash;The vice president supports the president. If the president is unable to serve, the vice president becomes president. The vice president can be elected and serve an unlimited number of four-year terms as vice president, even under a different president.The Cabinet&mdash;Cabinet members serve as advisors to the president. They include the vice president, heads of executive departments, and other high-ranking government officials. Cabinet members are nominated by the president and must be approved by a simple majority of the Senate&mdash;51 votes if all 100 Senators vote.Executive Branch Agencies, Commissions, and CommitteesMuch of the work in the executive branch is done by federal agencies, departments, committees, and other groups.Executive Office of the PresidentThe Executive Office of the president communicates the president&#39;s message and deals with the federal budget, security, and other high priorities.Office of the PresidentOffice of the Vice PresidentCouncil of Economic AdvisersCouncil on Environmental QualityNational Security CouncilOffice of Management and BudgetOffice of National Drug Control PolicyOffice of Science and Technology PolicyOffice of the United States Trade RepresentativeExecutive DepartmentsThese are the main agencies of the federal government. The heads of these 15 agencies are also members of the president&#39;s cabinet.U.S. Department of AgricultureU.S. Department of CommerceU.S. Department of DefenseU.S. Department of EducationU.S. Department of EnergyU.S. Department of Health and Human ServicesU.S. Department of Homeland SecurityU.S. Department of Housing and Urban DevelopmentU.S. Department of JusticeU.S. Department of LaborU.S. Department of StateU.S. Department of the InteriorU.S. Department of the TreasuryU.S. Department of TransportationU.S. Department of Veterans AffairsExecutive Department Sub-Agencies and BureausSmaller sub-agencies support specialized work within their parent executive department agencies.Administration for Children and FamiliesAdministration for Community LivingAdministration for Native AmericansAgency for Healthcare Research and QualityAgency for Toxic Substances and Disease RegistryAgricultural Marketing ServiceAgricultural Research ServiceAlcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade BureauAnimal and Plant Health Inspection ServiceAntitrust DivisionArmed Forces Retirement HomeArms Control and International SecurityBonneville Power AdministrationBureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and ExplosivesBureau of Consular AffairsBureau of Economic AnalysisBureau of Engraving and PrintingBureau of Indian AffairsBureau of Industry and SecurityBureau of International Labor AffairsBureau of Justice StatisticsBureau of Labor StatisticsBureau of Land ManagementBureau of Ocean Energy ManagementBureau of PrisonsBureau of ReclamationBureau of Safety and Environmental EnforcementBureau of the Fiscal ServiceBureau of Transportation StatisticsCenter for Food Safety and Applied NutritionCenter for Nutrition Policy and PromotionCenters for Disease Control and PreventionCenters for Medicare and Medicaid ServicesCivil Rights Division, Department of JusticeCollege of Information and CyberspaceCommunity Oriented Policing ServicesComputer Emergency Readiness TeamCourt Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of ColumbiaCybersecurity and Infrastructure Security AgencyDefense Acquisition UniversityDefense Advanced Research Projects AgencyDefense Commissary AgencyDefense Contract Audit AgencyDefense Contract Management AgencyDefense Counterintelligence and Security AgencyDefense Finance and Accounting ServiceDefense Finance and Accounting Service Debt and Claims Management CenterDefense Health AgencyDefense Information Systems AgencyDefense Intelligence AgencyDefense Logistics AgencyDefense Security Cooperation AgencyDefense Technical Information CenterDefense Threat Reduction AgencyDrug Enforcement AdministrationDwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource StrategyEconomic Development AdministrationEconomic Growth, Energy, and the EnvironmentEconomic Research ServiceElder Justice Initiative Employee Benefits Security AdministrationEmployment and Training AdministrationEnergy Information AdministrationEnergy Star ProgramEnglish Language Acquisition OfficeExecutive Office for Immigration ReviewFarm Credit System Insurance CorporationFarm Service AgencyFederal Accounting Standards Advisory BoardFederal Aviation AdministrationFederal Bureau of InvestigationFederal Consulting GroupFederal Emergency Management AgencyFederal Energy Regulatory CommissionFederal Executive BoardsFederal Highway AdministrationFederal Housing AdministrationFederal Law Enforcement Training CenterFederal Motor Carrier Safety AdministrationFederal Protective ServiceFederal Railroad AdministrationFederal Student Aid Information Center Federal Transit AdministrationFederal Voting Assistance ProgramFish and Wildlife ServiceFood and Drug AdministrationFood and Nutrition ServiceFood Safety and Inspection ServiceForeign Agricultural ServiceForeign Claims Settlement CommissionForest ServiceGovernment National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae)Health Resources and Services AdministrationHolocaust Memorial MuseumIndian Health ServiceInstitute of Education SciencesInternal Revenue ServiceInternational Trade AdministrationJob CorpsJoint Board for the Enrollment of ActuariesJoint Chiefs of StaffJoint Fire Science ProgramJoint Forces Staff CollegeJoint Program Executive Office for Chemical and Biological DefenseMaritime AdministrationMiddle East Broadcasting NetworksMilitary Postal Service AgencyMine Safety and Health AdministrationMinority Business Development AgencyMissile Defense AgencyMultifamily Housing OfficeNational Agricultural LibraryNational Agricultural Statistics ServiceNational Cancer InstituteNational Cemetery AdministrationNational Defense UniversityNational Flood Insurance ProgramNational Geospatial-Intelligence AgencyNational GuardNational Health Information CenterNational Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute National Highway Traffic Safety AdministrationNational Indian Gaming CommissionNational Institute of Arthritis, Musculoskeletal and Skin DiseasesNational Institute of CorrectionsNational Institute of Food and AgricultureNational Institute of JusticeNational Institute of Mental HealthNational Institute of Occupational Safety and HealthNational Institute of Standards and TechnologyNational Institutes of HealthNational Intelligence UniversityNational Interagency Fire CenterNational LaboratoriesNational Nuclear Security AdministrationNational Ocean ServiceNational Oceanic and Atmospheric AdministrationNational Park ServiceNational Passport Information CenterNational Pesticide Information CenterNational Prevention Information NetworkNational Reconnaissance OfficeNational Security AgencyNational Technical Information ServiceNational Telecommunications and Information AdministrationNational War CollegeNational Weather ServiceNatural Resources Conservation ServiceNOAA FisheriesOak Ridge National LaboratoryOccupational Safety and Health AdministrationOffice for Civil Rights, Department of EducationOffice for Civil Rights, Department of Health and Human ServicesOffice of Career, Technical, and Adult EducationOffice of Child Support EnforcementOffice of Community Planning and DevelopmentOffice of Cuba BroadcastingOffice of Disability Employment PolicyOffice of Economic AdjustmentOffice of Elementary and Secondary EducationOffice of Environmental ManagementOffice of Fair Housing and Equal OpportunityOffice of Fossil EnergyOffice of HousingOffice of Immigrant and Employee RightsOffice of Investor Education and AdvocacyOffice of Justice ProgramsOffice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency PreventionOffice of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy HomesOffice of Manufactured Housing ProgramsOffice of Minority HealthOffice of Natural Resources RevenueOffice of Nuclear EnergyOffice of Policy Development and ResearchOffice of Postsecondary EducationOffice of Refugee ResettlementOffice of Scientific and Technical InformationOffice of Servicemember AffairsOffice of Special Education and Rehabilitative ServicesOffice of Surface Mining, Reclamation and EnforcementOffice of the Assistant Secretary for Research and TechnologyOffice of the Comptroller of the CurrencyOffice of the Federal RegisterOffice of the Pardon AttorneyOffice of Violence Against WomenPentagon Force Protection AgencyPipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety AdministrationPolitical AffairsPower AdministrationsPresident&#39;s Council on Fitness, Sports and NutritionPretrial Services Agency for the District of ColumbiaPublic and Indian HousingPublic Diplomacy and Public AffairsRadio Free AsiaRadio Free Europe and Radio LibertyRehabilitation Services AdministrationRisk Management AgencyRural Business and Cooperative ProgramsRural DevelopmentRural Housing ServiceRural Utilities ServiceSaint Lawrence Seaway Development CorporationScience OfficeSeafood Inspection ProgramSecret ServiceSoutheastern Power AdministrationSouthwestern Power AdministrationSubstance Abuse and Mental Health Services AdministrationTaxpayer Advocacy PanelTransportation Security AdministrationU.S. AbilityOne CommissionU.S. Access BoardU.S. Africa CommandU.S. Air ForceU.S. Air Force Reserve CommandU.S. ArmyU.S. Army Corps of EngineersU.S. Census BureauU.S. Central CommandU.S. Citizenship and Immigration ServicesU.S. Coast GuardU.S. Commission on International Religious FreedomU.S. Customs and Border ProtectionU.S. Cyber CommandU.S. Election Assistance CommissionU.S. European CommandU.S. Fire AdministrationU.S. Fleet Forces CommandU.S. Geological SurveyU.S. Immigration and Customs EnforcementU.S. Indo-Pacific CommandU.S. Marine CorpsU.S. Marshals ServiceU.S. Military Academy, West PointU.S. MintU.S. Mission to the United NationsU.S. National Central Bureau - InterpolU.S. NavyU.S. Northern CommandU.S. Parole CommissionU.S. Patent and Trademark OfficeU.S. Postal Inspection ServiceU.S. Southern CommandU.S. Space CommandU.S. Special Operations CommandU.S. Strategic CommandU.S. Transportation CommandU.S. Trustee ProgramUnified Combatant CommandsUniformed Services University of the Health SciencesVeterans Benefits AdministrationVeterans Health AdministrationVeterans&#39; Employment and Training ServiceVoice of AmericaWage and Hour DivisionWashington Headquarters ServicesWeights and Measures DivisionWestern Area Power AdministrationWomen&#39;s BureauIndependent AgenciesThese agencies are not represented in the cabinet and are not part of the Executive Office of the president. They deal with government operations, the economy, and regulatory oversight.Administrative Conference of the United StatesAfrican Development FoundationCentral Intelligence AgencyCommission on Civil RightsCommission on Presidential ScholarsCommission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki Commission)Consumer Financial Protection BureauConsumer Product Safety CommissionDefense Nuclear Facilities Safety BoardDenali CommissionEnvironmental Protection AgencyEqual Employment Opportunity CommissionExport-Import Bank of the United StatesFarm Credit AdministrationFederal Communications CommissionFederal Deposit Insurance CorporationFederal Election CommissionFederal Housing Finance AgencyFederal Labor Relations AuthorityFederal Maritime CommissionFederal Mediation and Conciliation ServiceFederal Mine Safety and Health Review CommissionFederal Reserve SystemFederal Retirement Thrift Investment BoardFederal Trade CommissionGeneral Services AdministrationIndoor Air QualityInstitute of Museum and Library ServicesInter-American FoundationMerit Systems Protection BoardMillennium Challenge CorporationNational Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Archives and Records AdministrationNational Capital Planning CommissionNational Credit Union AdministrationNational Endowment for the ArtsNational Endowment for the HumanitiesNational Labor Relations BoardNational Mediation BoardNational Railroad Passenger CorporationNational Science FoundationNational Transportation Safety BoardOccupational Safety and Health Review CommissionOffice of Government EthicsOffice of Personnel ManagementOffice of Special CounselOffice of the Director of National IntelligencePeace CorpsPension Benefit Guaranty CorporationPostal Regulatory CommissionPrivacy and Civil Liberties Oversight BoardRailroad Retirement BoardSecurities and Exchange CommissionSelective Service SystemSmall Business AdministrationSocial Security AdministrationSurface Transportation BoardTennessee Valley AuthorityU.S. Agency for Global MediaU.S. Agency for International DevelopmentU.S. Commodity Futures Trading CommissionU.S. International Development Finance CorporationU.S. International Trade CommissionU.S. Nuclear Regulatory CommissionU.S. Postal ServiceU.S. Trade and Development AgencyBoards, Commissions, and CommitteesCongress or the president establish these smaller organizations to manage specific tasks and areas that don&#39;t fall under parent agencies.Advisory Council on Historic PreservationAmerican Battle Monuments CommissionAppalachian Regional CommissionBarry M. Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education ProgramCitizens&#39; Stamp Advisory CommitteeCommittee for the Implementation of Textile AgreementsCommittee on Foreign Investment in the United StatesCoordinating Council on Juvenile Justice and Delinquency PreventionCouncil of the Inspectors General on Integrity and EfficiencyDelaware River Basin CommissionDelta Regional AuthorityEndangered Species ProgramFederal Financial Institutions Examination CouncilFederal Financing BankFederal Geographic Data CommitteeFederal Interagency Council on Statistical PolicyFederal Laboratory Consortium for Technology TransferFederal Library and Information Center CommitteeFulbright Foreign Scholarship BoardHarry S. Truman Scholarship FoundationIndian Arts and Crafts BoardInteragency Alternative Dispute Resolution Working GroupInteragency Committee for the Management of Noxious and Exotic WeedsInteragency Council on HomelessnessJames Madison Memorial Fellowship FoundationJapan-United States Friendship CommissionMarine Mammal CommissionMigratory Bird Conservation CommissionMississippi River CommissionMorris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall FoundationNational Council on DisabilityNational Park FoundationNorthern Border Regional CommissionNorthwest Power and Conservation CouncilNuclear Waste Technical Review BoardPresidio TrustSocial Security Advisory BoardSusquehanna River Basin CommissionU.S. Arctic Research CommissionU.S. Chemical Safety BoardU.S. Commission of Fine ArtsVeterans Day National CommitteeQuasi-Official AgenciesAlthough they&#39;re not officially part of the executive branch, these agencies are required by federal statute to release certain information about their programs and activities in the Federal Register, the daily journal of government activities.Center for Parent Information and ResourcesFederal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac)Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae)Institute of PeaceJohn F. Kennedy Center for the Performing ArtsLegal Services CorporationNational Constitution CenterNational Gallery of ArtSmithsonian InstitutionState Justice InstituteWoodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars Judicial Branch of the U.S. Government The&nbsp;judicial branch&nbsp;interprets the meaning of laws, applies laws to individual cases, and decides if laws violate the Constitution. It is comprised of the Supreme Court and other federal courts.Supreme CourtThe Supreme Court is the highest court in the United States. The Justices of the Supreme Court are nominated by the president and must be approved by the Senate.Nine members&nbsp;make up the Supreme Court&mdash;a Chief Justice and eight Associate Justices. There must be a minimum or quorum of&nbsp;six Justices&nbsp;to decide a case.If there is an even number of Justices and a case results in a tie, the lower court&#39;s decision stands.There is no fixed term for Justices. They serve until their death, retirement, or removal in exceptional circumstances.Federal Courts and Judicial AgenciesThe Constitution gives Congress the authority to establish other federal courts to handle cases that involve federal laws including tax and bankruptcy, lawsuits involving U.S. and state governments or the Constitution, and more. Other federal judicial agencies and programs support the courts and research judicial policy.Administrative Office of the U.S. CourtsBankruptcy CourtsCourt of Appeals for the Armed ForcesCourt of Appeals for the Federal CircuitCourt of Federal ClaimsCourt of International TradeFederal Court InterpretersFederal Judicial CenterJudicial Panel on Multidistrict LitigationSupreme Court of the United StatesTax CourtU.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans ClaimsU.S. Courts of AppealU.S. Sentencing CommissionConfirmation Process for Judges and JusticesAppointments for Supreme Court Justices and other federal judgeships follow the same basic process:The president nominates a person to fill a vacant judgeship.The&nbsp;Senate Judiciary Committee&nbsp;holds a hearing on the nominee and votes on whether to forward the nomination to the full Senate.If the nomination moves forward, the Senate can debate the nomination. Debate must end before the Senate can vote on whether to confirm the nominee. A Senator will request unanimous consent to end the debate, but any Senator can refuse.Without unanimous consent, the Senate must pass a&nbsp;cloture motion&nbsp;to end the debate. It takes a simple majority of votes&mdash;51 if all 100 Senators vote&mdash;to pass cloture and end debate about a federal judicial nominee.Once the debate ends, the Senate votes on confirmation. The nominee for Supreme Court or any other federal judgeship needs a simple majority of votes&mdash;51 if all 100 Senators vote&mdash;to be confirmed. Infographic: How the Supreme Court Works Learn how cases reach the Supreme Court and how the justices make their decisions. Use this lesson plan in class. View a larger version of the infographic. Show Description of Infographic How the Supreme Court WorksThe Supreme Court is:The highest court in the countryLocated in Washington, DCThe head of the judicial branch of the federal governmentResponsible for deciding whether laws violate the ConstitutionIn session from early October until late June or early JulyHow a Case Gets to the Supreme CourtMost cases reach the Court on appeal. An appeal is a request for a higher court to reverse the decision of a lower court. Most appeals come from federal courts. They can come from state courts if a case deals with federal law.Rarely, the Court hears a new case, such as one between states.Dissatisfied parties petition the Court for reviewParties may appeal their case to the Supreme Court, petitioning the Court to review the decision of the lower court.Justices study documentsThe Justices examine the petition and supporting materials.Justices voteFour Justices must vote in favor for a case to be granted review.What Happens Once a Case is Selected for Review?Parties make argumentsThe Justices review the briefs (written arguments) and hear oral arguments. In oral arguments, each side usually has 30 minutes to present its case. The Justices typically ask many questions during this time.Justices write opinionsThe Justices vote on the case and write their opinions.The majority opinion shared by more than half of the Justices becomes the Court&rsquo;s decision.Justices who disagree with the majority opinion write dissenting or minority opinions.The Court issues its decisionJustices may change their vote after reading first drafts of the opinions. Once the opinions are completed and all of the Justices have cast a final vote, the Court &ldquo;hands down&rdquo; its decision.All cases are heard and decided before summer recess. It can take up to nine months to announce a decision.Every year:The Court receives 7,000-8,000 requests for review and grants 70-80 for oral argument. Other requests are granted and decided without argument.About the Justices:There are nine Justices:A Chief Justice, who sits in the middle and is the head of the judicial branch.Eight Associate JusticesWhen a new Justice is needed:The President nominates a candidate, usually a federal judge.The Senate votes to confirm the nominee.The Court can continue deciding cases with less than nine Justices, but if there is a tie, the lower court&rsquo;s decision stands.Justices are appointed for life, though they may resign or retire.They serve an average of 16 years. Share This Page: Do you have a question? Ask a real person any government-related question for free. They'll get you the answer or let you know where to find it. Talk to a live USA.gov agent Web Chat with a live USA.gov agent Last Updated: January 31, 2022 Top About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. Government Agencies and Elected Officials History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Share This Page: System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| Travel and Immigration &#124; USAGov Please enable JavaScript in your web browser; otherwise some parts of this site might not work properly. An official website of the United States government Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. Learn about U.S. residency, green cards, and citizenship requirements and related issues. Explore some of the top issues for U.S. Citizens when traveling outside of the country. Find frequently requested government information on recreation activities and traveling in the U.S. Find the answers to common questions about visiting the United States. Explore All Topics and Services on USA.gov USAGov is the Official Guide to Government Information and Services Please enable JavaScript in your web browser; otherwise some parts of this site might not work properly. Here's how you know Lock A locked padlock Espa&ntilde;ol MENU Main Navigation Close Search Search Search 1-844-USA-GOV1 expanded current page previous next All Topics and Services About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Buying from the U.S. Government Auctions and Sales Surplus Sales by State Contact Elected Officials Forms, by Agency State, Local, and Tribal Governments Contact Elected Officials Governors Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Local Governments State Attorneys General State Consumer Protection Offices State Emergency Management Agencies State Governments State Health Departments State, County, and Municipal Courts Travel and Tourism Information, by State History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Crime and Prisons Crimes Involving Children Prisons and Prisoners Reporting Crime State Corrections Departments Federal Laws and Regulations Branches of the U.S. Government Commonly Requested U.S. Laws and Regulations How Laws Are Made and How to Research Them Pollution Issues Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Child Support Complaints Family Legal Issues Genealogy and Family History Lawyers and Legal Advice Replace Your Vital Records Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Your Legal Disability Rights Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Consumer Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Banks and Lender Complaints Car Complaints Housing-Related Complaints Phone and TV Complaints Travel Complaints U.S. Postal Service Issues Sample Complaint Letter Money and Taxes Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Credit and Debt Credit Issues Credit Reports and Scores Dealing with Debt Currency Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Retirement Spending, Saving and Investing Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Donating to Charity Mortgages Retirement Taxes Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks Filing Your Taxes IRS Scams Resolve Tax Disputes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Return Status Tax Withholding Unclaimed Money from the Government Recalled Products Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds State Consumer Protection Offices Telemarketing and Unwanted Mail COVID-19 Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks COVID-19 Health Information, Vaccines, and Testing COVID-19 Small Business Loans and Assistance COVID-19 Unemployment Benefits Financial Assistance for Food, Housing, and Bills Government Response to Coronavirus, COVID-19 Passports and Travel During the COVID-19 Pandemic Scams Related to COVID-19 Disability Services Benefits and Insurance Caregiver Support Financial Assistance and Support Services Government and Local Disability Programs Jobs and Education Veterans Disability Benefits Your Legal Disability Rights Disasters and Emergencies After a Disaster Disaster Financial Assistance Disaster Financial Assistance for Workers and Small Business Owners Disaster Financial Assistance with Food, Housing, and Bills Financial Assistance Within Designated Natural Disaster Areas Help Survivors of a Disaster State Emergency Management Agencies Education College and Higher Education Financial Aid for Students Learn English and Attend College in the U.S. Libraries and Archives Manage and Repay Student Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies About the U.S. American Flag Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Data and Statistics About the U.S. History and Historical Documents Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Crime and Prisons Federal Laws and Regulations Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Your Legal Disability Rights Learn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First Ladies Branches of the U.S. Government Budget of the U.S. Government Buying from the U.S. Government Auctions and Sales Surplus Sales by State Contact Elected Officials Forms, by Agency State, Local, and Tribal Governments Contact Elected Officials Governors Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Local Governments State Attorneys General State Consumer Protection Offices State Emergency Management Agencies State Governments State Health Departments State, County, and Municipal Courts Travel and Tourism Information, by State Health Doctors and Medical Facilities Health Information from the Government Health Insurance Finding Health Insurance Medicaid and CHIP Medicare Paying for Medical Care Medications Mental Health and Substance Abuse State Health Departments Vaccines and Immunizations Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Jobs and Unemployment Labor Laws and Issues Looking for a New Job Find a Federal Government Job Find a Job Retirement Small Business Business Keyword Search Finance Your Business Importing and Exporting Introduction to Government Contracting Get Help with Government Contracting The Contract Opportunities Search Tool on beta.SAM.gov Small Business Taxes Start Your Own Business State Business Resources U.S. Government Employees Find a Federal Government Job Pay and Benefits for Federal Employees Protecting the Federal Workforce from COVID-19 Unemployment Help Laws and Legal Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Banks and Lender Complaints Car Complaints Housing-Related Complaints Phone and TV Complaints Travel Complaints U.S. Postal Service Issues Sample Complaint Letter Crime and Prisons Crimes Involving Children Prisons and Prisoners Reporting Crime State Corrections Departments Federal Laws and Regulations Branches of the U.S. Government Commonly Requested U.S. Laws and Regulations How Laws Are Made and How to Research Them Pollution Issues Labor Laws and Issues Personal Legal Issues, Documents, and Family History Child Support Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Family Legal Issues Genealogy and Family History Lawyers and Legal Advice Replace Your Vital Records Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds U.S. Government Works Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Your Legal Disability Rights Military and Veterans Join the Military Locate Military Members, Units, and Facilities Military and Veterans Education Benefits Military Pay and Pensions Military Programs and Benefits Military Records and Identification Selective Service (the Draft) Veterans Burial and Survivor Benefits Veterans Health Benefits and Issues Veterans Housing Help Veterans Jobs and Training Money and Taxes Benefits, Grants, Loans Affordable Rental Housing Benefits Financial Aid for Students Food Assistance Grants and Loans Help with Bills Military Programs and Benefits Retirement Social Security Questions State Social Service Agencies Unemployment Help Consumer Issues Complaints Complaints Against the Government Consumer Complaints Consumer Complaints by Product Type Sample Complaint Letter Recalled Products Scams and Frauds Common Scams and Frauds Housing Scams Identity Theft IRS Scams Online Safety Privacy Report Scams and Frauds State Consumer Protection Offices Telemarketing and Unwanted Mail Credit and Debt Credit Issues Credit Reports and Scores Dealing with Debt Currency Housing Affordable Rental Housing Foreclosure Help Buying a Home Housing Help Housing Scams Housing-Related Complaints Mortgages Moving Repairing and Improving a Home U.S. Postal Service Issues Retirement Spending, Saving and Investing Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Car Complaints Motor Vehicle Services Donating to Charity Mortgages Retirement Taxes Advance Child Tax Credit and Economic Impact Payments - Stimulus Checks Filing Your Taxes Do You Need to File a Tax Return? Get Help with Your Taxes Get Your Tax Forms How to File Your Federal Taxes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Credits and Deductions IRS Scams Resolve Tax Disputes Small Business Taxes State and Local Taxes Tax Return Status Tax Withholding Unclaimed Money from the Government Small Business Business Keyword Search Finance Your Business Importing and Exporting Introduction to Government Contracting Get Help with Government Contracting The Contract Opportunities Search Tool on beta.SAM.gov Small Business Taxes Start Your Own Business State Business Resources Travel and Immigration Immigration and Citizenship Deportation Green Cards and Permanent Residence in the U.S. How to Apply for U.S. Citizenship How to Enter the U.S. Renounce or Lose Your U.S. Citizenship Passports and International Travel Getting or Renewing a U.S. Passport International Travel Issues Issues with Family Outside the U.S. Passports and Travel During the COVID-19 Pandemic Travel Complaints U.S. Passport Fees, Facilities or Problems Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Car Complaints and Motor Vehicle Services Car Complaints Motor Vehicle Services Recreational Areas and Activities Travel and Tourism Information, by State Travel by Plane Travel Complaints Visas and Visiting the U.S. Apply for Nonimmigrant Visas to the U.S. Foreign Nationals Driving in the U.S. Learn English and Attend College in the U.S. Visa Status, Renewals, or Problems Visitors Living in the U.S. Voting and Elections Congressional, State, and Local Elections Decide Who to Vote For Find My State or Local Election Office Website How, Where, and When to Vote Absentee and Early Voting Do You Have to Vote for the Party You&#039;re Registered With? Voting on Election Day Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections Inauguration of the President of the United States Presidential Election Process Voter Registration Change Your Voter Registration Confirm You&#039;re Registered to Vote How to Get a Voter Registration Card How to Register to Vote Voting and Election Laws and History Historical Election Results Voter ID Requirements Voting and Election Laws Who Can and Can’t Vote in U.S. Elections All Topics and Services About the U.S. Branches of the U.S. GovernmentBudget of the U.S. GovernmentData and Statistics About the U.S. History and Historical DocumentsAmerican FlagLearn About Life in the U.S. Presidents, Vice Presidents, and First LadiesGovernment Agencies and Elected OfficialsLaws and Legal Issues About the U.S. Benefits, Grants, Loans BenefitsState Social Service AgenciesHelp with Bills Grants and LoansFood AssistanceSocial Security Questions Affordable Rental HousingFinancial Aid for StudentsMilitary Programs and Benefits RetirementUnemployment Help Benefits, Grants, Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials A-Z Index of U.S. Government AgenciesState, Local, and Tribal GovernmentsContact Elected Officials Forms, by AgencyBuying from the U.S. GovernmentAbout the U.S. Branches of the U.S. GovernmentBudget of the U.S. Government Government Agencies and Elected Officials Jobs and Unemployment Looking for a New JobUnemployment HelpLabor Laws and Issues U.S. Government EmployeesRetirementSmall Business Jobs and Unemployment Money and Taxes TaxesCredit and DebtSpending, Saving and Investing Unclaimed Money from the GovernmentCurrencyBenefits, Grants, Loans Consumer IssuesHousingRetirement Money and Taxes Travel and Immigration Passports and International TravelImmigration and CitizenshipVisas and Visiting the U.S. Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Travel and Immigration Search All Topics and Services About the U.S. Benefits, Grants, Loans Government Agencies and Elected Officials Jobs and Unemployment Money and Taxes Travel and Immigration Travel and Immigration Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. How do I ...Get or renew a driver&#39;s licenseApply for or renew a U.S. passportGet or replace a Green Card Immigration and Citizenship Learn about U.S. residency, green cards, and citizenship requirements and related issues. Passports and International Travel Explore some of the top issues for U.S. Citizens when traveling outside of the country. Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Find frequently requested government information on recreation activities and traveling in the U.S. Visas and Visiting the U.S. Find the answers to common questions about visiting the United States. Explore All Topics and Services on USA.gov Share This Page: Top Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. Immigration and Citizenship Passports and International Travel Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Visas and Visiting the U.S. Share This Page: System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site ||| RO Sans ||| Information from the Government of The Netherlands | Government.nl Housing, Infrastructure ... Enterprise and innovation, Public-Private Partnership (PPP) in central government, Brexit ... School holidays, Gender equality, Freedom of education ... Drugs, Health insurance, Abortion, Mental health care, Family law ... Public administration, Personal data, Forming a new government, Police ... European Union, Human rights, Treaties ... Identification documents, Emergency number 112, Counterterrorism and national security, Cybercrime ... Visas, Dutch nationality, New in the Netherlands, Immigration, Embassies, consulates and other representations ... Agriculture, Climate change, Environment, Water management ... Taxation and businesses, Social policy, Grant programmes ... Mobility, public transport and road safety, Eco-friendly fuels for transport, Drones ... Minimum wage, Legalising documents, Health and safety at the workplace ... Tourists and foreign travellers from countries inside the European Union&#x2F;Schengen area&nbsp;can travel to the Netherlands.&nbsp; Read news, documents and answers to frequently asked questions about developments in Russia and Ukraine. As of 11 April 2022, you should do a self-test if you have symptoms of COVID-19. This also applies to children. 19-05-2022 | 15:17 This year we celebrate 30 years of diplomatic relations with Slovenia. To mark this, on 20 May – World Bee Day – the Netherlands ... 18-05-2022 | 15:39 Minister of Finance Sigrid Kaag and the President of the Eurogroup, Paschal Donohoe, met in The Hague on Wednesday. They ... 18-05-2022 | 14:00 Coronavirus continued to dominate life in the Netherlands in 2021. Many people became ill and restrictions remained necessary. ... 18-05-2022 | 10:15 What has a year of development cooperation produced? On Accountability Day the Ministry of Foreign Affairs explains what has been ... 10-05-2022 | 17:15 A world where violence against women and girls is a thing of the past. We’re not there yet, but wouldn’t it be wonderful. We ask ... 10-05-2022 | 08:43 The Dutch ambassador to Yemen, Peter Derrek Hof, is working with the UN to help prevent an environmental disaster involving an ... Government of the Netherlands You are here: &copy; &copy; &copy; &copy; 19-05-2022 | 15:17 18-05-2022 | 15:39 18-05-2022 | 14:00 18-05-2022 | 10:15 10-05-2022 | 17:15 10-05-2022 | 08:43 System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| Latest | Government.nl 19-05-2022 | 15:17 This year we celebrate 30 years of diplomatic relations with Slovenia. To mark this, on 20 May – World Bee Day – the Netherlands ... 18-05-2022 | 15:39 Minister of Finance Sigrid Kaag and the President of the Eurogroup, Paschal Donohoe, met in The Hague on Wednesday. They ... 18-05-2022 | 14:00 Coronavirus continued to dominate life in the Netherlands in 2021. Many people became ill and restrictions remained necessary. ... 18-05-2022 | 10:15 What has a year of development cooperation produced? On Accountability Day the Ministry of Foreign Affairs explains what has been ... 10-05-2022 | 17:15 A world where violence against women and girls is a thing of the past. We’re not there yet, but wouldn’t it be wonderful. We ask ... 10-05-2022 | 08:43 The Dutch ambassador to Yemen, Peter Derrek Hof, is working with the UN to help prevent an environmental disaster involving an ... 04-05-2022 | 15:34 The Just Speak! cartoon exhibition opened on International Press Freedom Day and will run in The Hague – international city of ... 29-04-2022 | 13:45 As the holy month of Ramadan draws to a close, it is time for Muslims all over the world to get ready for their favorite holiday. ... 29-04-2022 | 10:39 On 29 April the Dutch ambassador Jennes de Mol and a small number of embassy staff will return to Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. ... 22-04-2022 | 11:48 The National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) is working hard to continuously increase the cyber security of the Netherlands. The ... 21-04-2022 | 15:56 Thanks to the tireless efforts of a large group of dedicated staff at municipalities and safety regions, accommodation has been ... 21-04-2022 | 11:44 While there are currently no concrete indications of a terrorist attack in the Netherlands, such an attack remains conceivable. ... 20-04-2022 | 09:36 The threat posed by serious crime, jihadis and the extreme right, combined with the increase in anti-government sentiment and ... 19-04-2022 | 16:53 Today, the Dutch ambassador in Moscow was summoned to the Russian foreign ministry. Once there, he was informed that Russia ... 19-04-2022 | 11:59 The Dutch ambassador and a small number of embassy staff returned to Ukraine on 16 April. The diplomats will work from Lviv for ... 15-04-2022 | 13:27 After a two-year delay due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the games can finally begin. From 16 to 22 April we will be honouring 500 ... 14-04-2022 | 15:15 The government will invest €5 billion, with an extra €1.3 billion in reserve, in a total of 28 projects aimed at achieving ... 12-04-2022 | 09:31 The adoption of children from abroad to the Netherlands will, in the future, be possible only for children for whom suitable care ... Government of the Netherlands You are here: Latest 19-05-2022 | 15:17 18-05-2022 | 15:39 18-05-2022 | 14:00 18-05-2022 | 10:15 10-05-2022 | 17:15 10-05-2022 | 08:43 04-05-2022 | 15:34 29-04-2022 | 13:45 29-04-2022 | 10:39 22-04-2022 | 11:48 21-04-2022 | 15:56 21-04-2022 | 11:44 20-04-2022 | 09:36 19-04-2022 | 16:53 19-04-2022 | 11:59 15-04-2022 | 13:27 14-04-2022 | 15:15 12-04-2022 | 09:31 System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| Source Serif Pro ||| Top Ten Worst Movies of 2021 | Jason&#039;s Movie Blog Hello, everyone! With the year of 2021 officially over, it’s time to exam the “best” and “worst” movies that of that year. Indeed, 2021 was not as terrible as 2020 was, but it wasn’t already the best, especially with the COVID-19 pandemic continuing to affect virtually everyone around the world and disrupting lives in some way, shape, or form. This also extended to the 2021 movie releases, which continued to see a great majority of studios shuffling and / or delaying their features through this crisis. In truth, 2021 saw a number of pretty “bad” films. Whether by a flat story, bad acting, weak writing, or poor execution, these movies were just plan horrible with little to no interest in purchasing a ticket to see it theaters or to buy / rent it for its home release a few months later. Naturally, I have a “Best” movies of 2021, but let’s get the bad ones out of the way first. Here’s my personal top ten worst movies of 2021. But before I begin, here are some other “horrible” (I mean dishonorable) runner-ups that almost made it on my top ten worst move list of 2021. (Click on the picture for full review) &nbsp; &nbsp; Presenting a kid’s movie on an older franchise property is “double edge” sword, with project sometime having difficult on catering to who the targeted demographic is for…. the older generation who originally fell in love with it or the younger generation that is wanting to see what made this property interesting in a sort of revival. 2021’s Tom   Jerry is a prime example of this, with the iconic the classic cartoon property and brings it to the modern age; splicing the feature with CGI animation characters within a live-action setting. While the “cat and mouse” routine of Tom and Jerry’s rivalry has nostalgia, a great majority of the film feels like a half-baked movie, especially considering the film’s direction, a weak script, lacking a sense of urgency, confusing plot shifts, weaker characters, wasted acting talents, and sometimes pushing aside the film’s two chief characters for human ones. It’s just a shame that Tom and Jerry couldn’t make a splash in this endeavor and that’s disappointing. While the movie’s ending seems to allude towards a possible follow-up within more Tom and Jerry sequels, that idea seems pretty unlikely (at least to me that its). In the end, despite shenanigans nostalgia that come with the iconic cartoon characters, Tom   Jerry ends up being a colorful noise machine with a passable endeavor that never truly gets off the ground properly; missing on the opportunity to give the beloved cartoon cat and mouse duo their time back in the spotlight. Sequels are a hard thing to manage, with these particular endeavors can either be too bloated in trying to surpass the original / first feature or just simply too underwhelming to what’s come before. In the case of The Addams Family 2, the sequel to the 2019 animated movie, it’s the latter portion with a disappointing premise right from the get-go. Despite having a slightly better animation improvements and the voice talents involved are still great, the film itself feels disjointed and wonky from the word “go”, especially with its aimless direction, generic road trip premise, hit or miss humor, lackluster story, and some flat characters. I was expecting something….. a bit more. Well, a lot more as this sequel is literally several steps backwards in this potential animated franchise. It just didn’t feel like an Addams Family movie….and that’s disappointing part to me. Kids might like this film, but there are far better endeavors out there for them to be distracted with. While the movie ending leaves the door for another sequel, I have suspicious feeling that a third Addams Family movie may not be in the cards. Frankly, I would love to see one, but it would have a more engaging and creative story at work. In the end, The Addams Family 2 is a sequel endeavor that doesn’t work quite as well as intended; losing the focus in its narrative, macabre hijinks, and the amusing reasons from this “creepy and kooky, mysterious and spooky” family. Musicals were a pretty big hit, with Encanto, West Side Story, In the Heights, and Tick, Tick…BOOM!, showcasing a prominent spotlight with critics and moviegoers alike. That being said, Dear Evan Hansen, the film adaptation of the critically acclaimed Broadway musical, scraps the bottom of the 2021 musical releases. Director Stephen Chbosky’s film tries to translate the theater stage production for a cinematic representation; channeling the youthful angst of a musical whimsy with songs and subjects tackling hard hitting issues in the guise of a “coming of age” story. Unfortunately, the movie itself is quite shallow in its representation; struggling to find a proper balance due to the feature’s structure, questionable decisions, a lackluster script, failure to address large meanings, and some awkward casting choices. and I’m conflicted about this project. Plus, the movie’s themes just don’t work and feels more like a shallow endeavor. Again, this is just a disappointing translation and I’m just walked away from the movie feeling confused and conflicted about what I just saw. In the end, however, Dear Evan Hansen, much like main character, has the honest attentions of trying to make something good out of a bad situation, but the result is a sour and unsatisfying taste; rendering the film as a disheartening “coming of age” teen musical. As mentioned above with The Addams Family 2, sequels are a mixed bag, and the results can be “hit or miss” on a wide variety of decisions, points, and criticisms. The Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard, the sequel to the 2017 film The Hitman’s Bodyguard, is another prime example of this how an adequate action comedy film could get a sequel that is just as terrible as the first film. Director Patrick Hughes’s movie tries to find a rhythm medium within its various context, but the end result is something that feels tonal disappointing and messy from start to finish, especially considering the tiresome direction, the generic plot, terrible dialogue, unhumorous crass jokes, weak characters, and just bland innerworkings of the feature that feel utterly clunky and unappealing. Personally, I did not like this movie. I actually found it to be worse than the first film. The story was generic, the comedy was flat, the action was bland, and the characters were just over-the-top caricatures. I did like the chemistry that the three leads had (Reynolds, Jackson, and Hayek), but the material given is relatively weak and thinly sketched. Why did this sequel get greenlit? In the end, Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard is just a shallow and misguided attempt at trying to give capitalize on what made the 2017 somewhat amusing. Unfortunately, nothing about this 2021 sequel is amusing and ends up being just a poor executed and dumb sequel movie at its absurd finest….and that’s not a good thing. The stories of US / Mexican border are often stranger than fiction; drawing inspiration from the real world of the border crossing, undocumented immigrants, drug cartels, or political tensions. Thus, it comes as no surprise that Hollywood’s directors and writers take an interesting look at this particular location; drumming up cinematic efforts for dramatic set-pieces and narrative cues on such an area. However, while the film titled No Man’s Land tries to convey such poignant mean, it falls flat on its face…. hard. Director Connor Allyn’s tries to present a timely topic with a feature that offers a twist as a “reversal immigrant” tale. Unfortunately, the movie itself is rendered poorly, which is due to the film’s direction, bland narrative structure, a formulaic story, sluggish pacing, a few mediocre acting, flat characters, and an unsatisfying ending. It’s best just to watch other films that tackle similar topics (you’ll get better milage out of them). In the end, No Man’s Land struggles to find middle ground in its own landscape; driving home good ideals to focus on, but lacking originality and entertainment by running out of steam and ideas in its age-old yarn of “walk-a-mile-in-their shoes”. Regardless if you cared for the original 1999 film or even it’s two mixed opinions sequels, The Matrix trilogy has certainly made its mark on the movie industry, with the Wachowskis delving into a dystopian world of philosophical ideas and sci-fi action for a concoction that is rare to find in Hollywood. Many years later, Lana Wachowski returns to revisit her iconic trilogy for a brand new installment in The Matrix Resurrections. While the movie does some good ideas that are well-placed and the acting is mostly fine across the board, the film itself is riddled with glaring problematic areas, including a very convoluted script, lackluster action scenes, grating over usage of meta content references, mediocre visuals, wonky narrative / creative decisions, and poor execution all the way around. To me, this was one of the more disappointing movies of the long-awaited sequels because it had the potential to go far and rise above the criticisms of sequel entries, but squanders its chances and falls (for the most part) flat. Of course, the film’s ending is a bit ambiguous and kind of / sort of leaves the door open for a possible sequel, but, given the reception that this particular movie has received, that idea doesn’t seem to in the cards; making The Matrix Resurrections just a terrible cogent coda decision to reopen pandora’s box to mediocre fanfare. Nepotism is a bad and disheartening trait to embrace; choosing a sense of favoritism over someone else (or thing) that is better suited and / or qualified. Director Neil Marshall doesn’t seem to get that by placing his girlfriend in the lead role of his new movie The Reckoning. To be fair, the production design and mood of the feature is decent enough; focusing on a period piece witch trial narrative of horror, sinful acts, revenge. Unfortunately, the film suffers from being dated and just monotonous from onset to conclusion, especially due to Marshall’s direction, a formulaic narrative, predictable plot points, redundant violence, sluggish pacing, and an unconvincing lead. The movie isn’t as bad as Marshall’s 2019 trainwreck remake of Hellboy, but (again) that’s not saying much between the two projects. Even though I know probably horror fans might want to check this feature out, I would advise against it and just watch something else (you’ll thank me for it). Overall, The Reckoning is a dismal feature feels dated and generic from the get-go; rendering the viewing experience to being a tiresome chore to endure through. Repent your sins and stay away from this movie! Depicting a certain type of mental handicap and / or disability in a movie has always been a very sensitive and touch subject to showcase, especially if the representation of said handicap / disability is handled the wrong way or poorly. 2021 saw the film Music try to present a story about a young girl with non-verbal autism, yet ultimately backfires in a dumpster fire way. Making her directorial debut with this project, musical artist Sia tries to present unique music filled drama that definitely speaks to her eccentric style of music video, while also trying to blend heartfelt poignancy of dealing with an autistic individual. However, the end result of the feature gets quite messy and tone deaf; finding Sia’s direction for the entire middling at best and disappointing at worst, especially with her inexperience at directing a feature film, a wonky script, pacing issues, a formulaic narrative, underutilized acting talents, and some very questionable decisions concerns autism depictions in the movie from its cast / depiction of its main lead to its several insensitive scenes of handling autism. In the end, Music is felt a flat-out bad movie that, while good intentions are promising, leaves its viewers in the utter bewilderment of how a project like this could get made and almost stands as a cautionary tale of sorts of how good intentions can get muddled and portrayed in such a poor light. With so many studios shuffling and delaying prominent films due to the COVID-19 pandemic, movie theaters had very little offerings of new theatrical releases during the earlier months of 2021. This made a perfect opportunity for smaller / indie movies to make their mark on various theaters chains for a theatrical release format. Senior Moment was one of those features, but for the wrong reasons. Director Giorgio Serafini’s latest film tries to frame a feature film around the wacky and loveable antics of senior citizens, yet the film never really goes anywhere; relying too heavily upon commonplace narrative tropes and cliches, especially in the movie’s direction, a tiresome / boring script, terribly unfunny comedy, wooden dialogue, predictable / formulaic plot, uninteresting caricatures characters, and a wasted opportunity for most of the cast involved (i.e. Shatner, Llyod, and Smart). It&#8217;s not really worth a a viewer’s time or attention is one of those features that will most likely fade into obscurity. And probably for good reason. All in all, Senior Moment has its intentions in the right place, but lacks basically everything in making a halfway decent movie; making the whole endeavor a truly unmemorable (and derivatively bland) time waster of a movie. So what could beat out an unfunny action comedy sequel, a poorly conceived movie of a autism girl, a disheartening teen musical, a flat “reversal immigrant” yarn, a harmless, yet cringeworthy film of elderly senior hijinks, and a fourth entry into the Matrix franchise as the worst movie of the year. One word…. Cinderella. No, I’m talking about Disney’s animated classic or their solid live-action reimagining, I’m talking about the poorly conceived and tonally wonky production that 2021 saw. If you didn’t see it….be happy that you didn’t. A royal ball, a kind-hearted fairy godmother, a wicked stepmother, a glass slipper, and a girl named Cinderella. Yes, I’m talking about the iconic and popular fairytale of Cinderella, which has seeing its various forms and retelling throughout the ages. Director Kay Cannon’s latest film takes the iconic story of Cinderella; updating the material for a new generation, with glitzy, glamour, and musical charged numbers for new viewers to experience. Unfortunately, despite the intentions being made to speak to a modern generation and a solid production quality, the movie stumbles more often that finding its performance stride, especially considering Cannon’s direction, the off-putting pop song selections, odd pop-culture references, a bland script, cringeworthy dialogue, poor characters, and weak performances. Personally, I did not like this movie at all. Everything just felt too superfluous, too “on the nose”, too derivate, too bland, too corny, too heavy-handed, too cringeworthy, and just too painful to watch in almost every aspect. As I said many times in review for this…. how did this movie get greenlit? In the end, 2021’s Cinderella never captures the same bold ideas like the 1997 TV movie Rodgers   Hammerstein’s Cinderella, nor the sense of realism like Ever After: A Cinderella Story, nor the magical timeless feel of Disney’s 1950 animated Cinderella, nor whimsical charm of Ella Enchanted, or even fantasy enchantment of Disney’s 2015 live-action remake of Cinderella. In a simplistic sense…this movie is a disastrous “hot mess” of a fairytale retelling. And that’s why Cinderella (in my opinion) is the worst movie of 2021! &nbsp; There you have it…my top ten worst movies of 2021. Of course, I did skip some movies in theaters, so there some bad movies of 2021 that I didn’t see. So, what do you guys think? What was your top ten worst movies of 2021? Check back soon and I’ll be posting my personal top ten best movies of 2021… I rather enjoyed Matrix Resurrections. Haven&#8217;t seen the others on your list. I wanted to enjoy Matrix Resurrections so much, but it fell short and I was more disappointed with it as the movie went on. Well, at least you liked it. Thanks for the comment! Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,446 other subscribers Email Address Follow Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Follow Search for: Posted on February 9, 2022 by Jason 2 comments CHAOS WALKING THE TOMORROW WAR SPACE JAM: A NEW LEGACY 2.4 Out of 5 Tom   Jerry Review 2.4 Out of 5 The Addams Family 2 Review 2.4 Out of 5 Dear Evan Hansen Review 2.3 Out of 5 Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard Review 2.3 Out of 5 No Man’s Land Review 2.2 Out of 5 The Matrix Resurrections Review 2.2 Out of 5 The Reckoning Review 1.5 Out of 5 Music Review 1.4 Out 5 1.1 Out of 5 Cinderella Review Twitter Facebook Reddit Email Print Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Pocket Telegram WhatsApp Skype Like Like Loading... tagged with Blog, Cinderella 2021, Film Editorials, Films, movie blog, movie editorials, movies, Top Ten, Top Ten Worst Movies of 2021, Worst Movies of 2021 Editorials 2 comments jmshistorycorner Loading... Jason Loading... By the grace of Shaddam IV of House Corrino, ascendant to the Golden Lion Throne of Padishah Emperor of the Known Universe.! Just announced that actor Christopher Walken will play the Emperor in Denis Villeneuve&#039;s Dune: Part II! #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #filmmews #Dune #dunepart2 #christopherwalken #frankherbert #casting This family is our fortress! Be sure to check out the official teaser for Avatar: The Way of Water on my blog. #movie #movies #film #films #comingsoon #pandora #avatarthewayofwater #Avatar #avatar2 Doctor Strange time! At the movies seeing Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Super excited to see it and my parents are qitg me and getting into the &quot;marvel madness&quot; with me!!!! #movie #movies #film #films #marvel #superhero #doctorstrangeinthemultiverseofmadness #doctorstrange #movietime #movienight #nowwatching🎬 Return to Pandora in December! The official title for Avatar 2 is Avatar: The Way of Water, which is set to be released on December 16th, 2022. #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #Avatar #avatar2 #avatarthewayofwater #pandora #comingsoon Growing up is a beast! Have to say that I liked Pixar&#039;s Turning Red. It can&#039;t quite beat our some of the studio&#039;s fan favorite endeavors, but it is still a solid feature that has a heartwarming tale about growing up, friendships, and relationships. Plus, the animation for movie is terrific. Be sure to check out my full review of the movie on my blog! #movie #movies #film #films #moviereview #moviereviews #filmreview #filmreviews #Disney #pixar #turningred &nbsp; Loading Comments... &nbsp; %d System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Blog ||| Source Serif Pro ||| Jurassic World Dominion Official Trailer 2 | Jason&#039;s Movie Blog It all has come down to this&#8230;. as Universal Pictures releases the second official trailer for the upcoming dinosaur adventure blockbuster sequel Jurassic World Dominion. View trailer below. From Jurassic World architect and director Colin Trevorrow, Dominion takes place four years after Isla Nublar has been destroyed. Dinosaurs now live—and hunt—alongside humans all over the world. This fragile balance will reshape the future and determine, once and for all, whether human beings are to remain the apex predators on a planet they now share with history’s most fearsome creatures. I really didn&#8217;t expect to see a new trailer for this movie, but I&#8217;m glad that they (the studio) decided to release this one. This new trailer showcases a little bit more of the film&#8217;s narrative as well as plenty of dinosaur action. I still love how both the new and old cast are teaming up for this particular installment, which will close out the entire series for one big grand finale. I&#8217;m quite hyped to see this movie. Heck, I even already bought my tickets for the movie during its opening night. All in all, I&#8217;m very much excited to see where Dominion goes with the franchise, and I certainly hope that the movie ends the franchise on a high note. Jurassic World Dominion arrives in theaters on June 10th, 2022 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,446 other subscribers Email Address Follow Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Follow Search for: Posted on April 29, 2022 by Jason Leave a comment Twitter Facebook Reddit Email Print Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Pocket Telegram WhatsApp Skype Like Like Loading... tagged with Bryce Dallas Howard, Chris Pratt, Colin Trevorrow, Dinosaurs, Featured Content, Films, Jurassic World 3, Jurassic World Dominion, movie trailers, movies Trailers By the grace of Shaddam IV of House Corrino, ascendant to the Golden Lion Throne of Padishah Emperor of the Known Universe.! Just announced that actor Christopher Walken will play the Emperor in Denis Villeneuve&#039;s Dune: Part II! #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #filmmews #Dune #dunepart2 #christopherwalken #frankherbert #casting This family is our fortress! Be sure to check out the official teaser for Avatar: The Way of Water on my blog. #movie #movies #film #films #comingsoon #pandora #avatarthewayofwater #Avatar #avatar2 Doctor Strange time! At the movies seeing Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Super excited to see it and my parents are qitg me and getting into the &quot;marvel madness&quot; with me!!!! #movie #movies #film #films #marvel #superhero #doctorstrangeinthemultiverseofmadness #doctorstrange #movietime #movienight #nowwatching🎬 Return to Pandora in December! The official title for Avatar 2 is Avatar: The Way of Water, which is set to be released on December 16th, 2022. #movie #movies #film #films #news #movienews #Avatar #avatar2 #avatarthewayofwater #pandora #comingsoon Growing up is a beast! Have to say that I liked Pixar&#039;s Turning Red. It can&#039;t quite beat our some of the studio&#039;s fan favorite endeavors, but it is still a solid feature that has a heartwarming tale about growing up, friendships, and relationships. Plus, the animation for movie is terrific. Be sure to check out my full review of the movie on my blog! #movie #movies #film #films #moviereview #moviereviews #filmreview #filmreviews #Disney #pixar #turningred &nbsp; Loading Comments... &nbsp; %d System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| Resilience and recovery in 2021 despite the coronavirus pandemic | News item | Government.nl News item | 18-05-2022 | 14:00 Coronavirus continued to dominate life in the Netherlands in 2021. Many people became ill and restrictions remained necessary. Conditions were tough for businesses and the government once again spent a great deal on support and recovery packages. Nevertheless, the Dutch economy recovered quickly. Following a contraction in 2020, there was strong economic growth of 5% in 2021. As a result, the public finances ended the year in a better state than expected. These conclusions can be found in the Central Government Annual Financial Report and the Central Government Annual Report, submitted to the House of Representatives on the government’s behalf by Minister of Finance Sigrid Kaag on Accountability Day. ‘We look back on 2021 as a year of strong recovery, with high economic growth and low unemployment,’ the Minister said. ‘Now we’re going to have to call on the flexibility and resilience demonstrated by the Dutch people during the coronavirus pandemic once again as we deal with the terrible war in Ukraine. In addition to causing enormous human suffering, this war also has financial implications. We will have to respond to these extraordinary times together as well, by sticking to our course and making careful choices.’ In order to assist businesses affected by coronavirus and ensure that employees kept their jobs, the government continued to provide support packages in 2021. These support packages and the measures to combat the pandemic, such as vaccinations and test capacity, accounted for expenditure of more than €30 billion. Public finances and economic developments Despite the unforeseen extra expenditure related to the coronavirus pandemic, the public finances were in better shape than expected in 2021. This was partly thanks to the rapid economic recovery. Government tax receipts increased and the fact that more people were in work reduced spending on benefits. The total government budget deficit (central government, municipalities and other public authorities) was 2.5% of gross domestic product (GDP). Government debt was 52.1% of GDP. Strong economic growth of 5.0% was achieved in 2021, as the economy rebounded from the economic blow dealt by the coronavirus pandemic in 2020. There were historic shortages in the labour market, with unemployment remaining low (4.2%). However, the tight labour market did not lead to strong wage growth. Wages rose on average by 2.2%. Inflation averaged 2.7% in 2021, but rose substantially in the final months of the year to more than 5%. Rapid development of compensation schemes In the annual reports the government reviews revenue and expenditure in 2021 and sheds light on the various ministries’ spending. In its response to the annual reports, the Court of Audit will today indicate whether the money was spent in a regular manner and what can be improved. The management of central government finances remained under pressure in 2021, as it had been in 2020. The year was dominated by the coronavirus crisis, compensation schemes for Groningen and childcare benefit rectification measures. Ministries devised a wide range of schemes under a great deal of pressure and in some cases the speed at which this was done had an adverse impact on the regularity of financial transactions. The government wants to reverse this trend by making extra efforts to ensure that financial processes are managed with due care. This will involve for example reassessing the financial frameworks, such as the Central Government Financial Management Order. The aim is to prevent incidental irregularities from becoming structural. The government also wants to preserve an orderly budget process and concentrate budgetary decision-making at a single point in time. It is crucial that the process is not rushed, in order to ensure that all interests involved can be weighed properly and that all the applicable rules can be followed. This will help improve policy and promote the regularity of the public finances. Government of the Netherlands You are here: Resilience and recovery in 2021 despite the coronavirus pandemic System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| Ministry of Foreign Affairs | Government.nl The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (BZ) makes our Kingdom safer and more prosperous and works to create a just and sustainable world. BZ also supports Dutch nationals abroad 24&#x2F;7. We do all this together with our partners at home and abroad. Working for the Netherlands, worldwide. Voice-over: Today, the whole world seems just one click away. One click that removes borders and connects us. Making the world smaller and our world bigger. But that can make us feel vulnerable, as we face the unknown. Events happening far away, feel closer to home. Jan-Kees Goet (Ministry of Security and Justice, Director-General for Immigration): If I have time in the evenings I watch the 8 o’clock news. And I can be pretty sure it will open with a story about migration. It’s a serious subject that puts big demands on our staff. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Security and Justice are a team. And that togetherness is the key to our success right now. Voice-over: We know that what we have learned here, can be of great value elsewhere. Felix Hoogveld (Ambassador to South Sudan): So there’s flooding in a large camp for displaced persons. The Netherlands can help because we have the know-how to develop the area. Voice-over: That that are places in the world, where human rights are at stake. Sebastiaan van der Zwaan (Director Justice and Peace): If human rights defenders are under pressure in their own country we step in to help. As part of our Shelter City initiative we offer them temporary shelter in the Netherlands. Justice and Peace works closely with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Ministry’s large network makes it easier to figure out who needs our help the most. Voice-over: We know there are people fighting for freedom, and that we need to protect them. We want to cross borders to share what we are good at with the rest of the world. Paul Polman (CEO Unilever): The Dutch are at the forefront for setting the world on a new pathway for a sustainable future. One example for this has been the joining of the Ministries of Aid and Trade, which I believe has been a smart decision. As we need both to reach the world’s poorest 2.5 billion people. Voice-over: If we work together, we can achieve more. Without the result being at the expense of others. Henk-Jan Beltman (Chief Chocolate Officer Tony Chocolonely): We want our company to grow. We want to make an impact. The Orange Trade Mission Fund is helping us gain a commercial foothold in the US. With support from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. A partnership that energises me. Voice-over: If you go abroad, where it’s safe and where it is not. Frank Oostdam (Director, Dutch Association of Travel Agents and Tour Operators, ANVR): We regularly discuss travel advice with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It helps us provide our customers with good, up-to-date advice. Pepijn Trapman (regional manager, ICCO, Nepal): I will never forget Saturday 25 April. The day started off so well. We were celebrating King’s Day with the local Dutch community. Suddenly, everything started shaking. People were panicking and screaming. We kept getting wet as water sloshed out of the swimming pool. I just managed to grab my son Daniel and hurl him to the ground. Voice-over: And if you do get into difficulties, you need to know that there is someone who can bring you back to safety Pepijn Trapman (regional manager, ICCO, Nepal): We were lucky. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs got us out of the country to safety. They did a fantastic job. Voice-over: Right now, as the world becomes both smaller and bigger it’s important that we are there for the Netherlands, world wide. Minister of Foreign Affairs Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation&nbsp; 19-05-2022 | 15:17 This year we celebrate 30 years of diplomatic relations with Slovenia. To mark this, on 20 May – World Bee Day – the Netherlands ... 18-05-2022 | 10:15 What has a year of development cooperation produced? On Accountability Day the Ministry of Foreign Affairs explains what has been ... 10-05-2022 | 17:15 A world where violence against women and girls is a thing of the past. We’re not there yet, but wouldn’t it be wonderful. We ask ... 10-05-2022 | 08:43 The Dutch ambassador to Yemen, Peter Derrek Hof, is working with the UN to help prevent an environmental disaster involving an ... 04-05-2022 | 15:34 The Just Speak! cartoon exhibition opened on International Press Freedom Day and will run in The Hague – international city of ... 29-04-2022 | 13:45 As the holy month of Ramadan draws to a close, it is time for Muslims all over the world to get ready for their favorite holiday. ... Government of the Netherlands You are here: Ministry of Foreign Affairs Video | 06-03-2018 | 03:15 | mp4 | 16,5 MB Audio | 06-03-2018 | mp3 | 3,0 MB Caption | 06-03-2018 | srt | 2 kB 19-05-2022 | 15:17 18-05-2022 | 10:15 10-05-2022 | 17:15 10-05-2022 | 08:43 04-05-2022 | 15:34 29-04-2022 | 13:45 Topic Topic Topic Topic System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| Romanian Government 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 02 - 08 09 - 15 16 - 22 23 - 29 30 - 05 06 - 12 13 - 19 20 - 26 27 - 03 The Prime Minister leads the Government and coordinates the activities of its members, in compliance with their legal duties. The gallery of former Prime Ministers of Romania throughout history Copyright &copy; Romanian Government 2022 06 May 06 May 06 May 06 May 04 May 04 May 04 May 03 May 11 May 11 May 10 May 09 May 09 May 09 May Cabinet meeting of May 9, 2022 09 May 18 May 18 May 18 May 17 May System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Government, official site |||  ||| The working structure of the Government Secretariat -General of the Government The Secretariat -General of the Government is headed by the Secretary -General of the Government who has the rank of Minister, and is appointed by Prime Minister&rsquo;s decision. The Secretary-General of the Government is assisted by one or more Deputy Secretaries-General, with the rank of Secretary of State, appointed by Prime Minister&rsquo;s decision, and, as the case may be, by one or more Secretaries of State, appointed or removed from office by Prime Minister&rsquo;s decision. The Secretariat-General of the Government is part of the Government&#39;s working structure and ensures the unfolding and continuity of government - related technical operations, resolution of organizational, legal, economic and technical issues pertaining to the Government&#39;s activity, as well as the representation of the Government before courts and the stability of government. The Secretariat - General of the Government&rsquo;s structure and powers are established by Government Decision. The Secretary-General of the Government is the main credit release authority for the Government&#39;s working structure, as well as for the institutions funded through the Secretariat -General&rsquo;s budget. The Secretariat -General of the Government has the right to initiate draft normative acts in its areas of competence and of the public authorities and institutions subordinate to it or the Government. &nbsp; Vice Prime Minister&#39;s office Vice Prime Minister&#39;s office is a structure without legal personality, funded through the Secretariat - General of the Government&rsquo;s budget, and led by the Vice Prime Minister. Vice Prime Minister&rsquo;s Office comprises one or more secretaries of state and state advisers, appointed or removed from office, by Prime Minister&rsquo;s decision, on the proposal of the Vice Prime Minister. &nbsp; Chancellery of the Prime Minister The Chancellery of the Prime Minister is a structure with legal personality, subordinated to the Prime Minister, funded through the Secretariat -General of the Government&rsquo;s budget. The Chancellery of the Prime Minister is led by the Head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister, who has the rank of Minister, being appointed and removed from office by Prime Minister&rsquo;s decision. The Chancellery of the Prime Minister&rsquo;s powers, structure and functions are established by Prime Minister&rsquo;s decision. The Chancellery of the Prime Minister comprises one or more secretaries of state and state advisers, as well as the Director of Prime Minister&rsquo;s Office, with the rank of secretary of state, appointed or removed from office by Prime Minister&rsquo;s decision. &nbsp; Other departments Organized as structures with or without legal personality, subordinate to the Prime Minister, headed by secretaries of state or others with similar rank, whose establishment and / or functions are approved by Government Decision. Una dintre întrebările frecvente este cea privind salarizarea diverselor categorii de personal. Astfel, Andrei din Bucureşti a vrut să ştie cum sunt calculate salariile... The gallery of former Prime Ministers of Romania throughout history Photos of public events and activities attended by Prime Minister, and of the activities carried out at Victoria Palace The latest press releases on the activity of the Prime Minister and on the activities of the reunited Cabinet. The difficult political situation Romania is currently facing requires the promotion of a government&rsquo;s programme with short &ndash;term objectives, to prepare the reforms necessary for Romania&rsquo;s modernization in the European spirit. Prime Minister leads the Government and coordinates its activities, in compliance with their legal duties. Copyright &copy; Romanian Government 2022 System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
E-commerce |||  ||| About Amazon us Open Item Open Item Open Item Open Item Open Item Open Item Follow Us Amazon.com Amazon.com Amazon.com Conditions of Use Conditions of Use Conditions of Use Menu Submit Search Submit Search Search Query Close Show Search Show Search Open Item Open Item Open Item Open Item Open Item Open Item Follow Us Subscribe en Open Item Asia Pacific Australia About Amazon (English) India About Amazon (English) Japan About Amazon (日本語) Singapore About Amazon (English) Europe European Union About Amazon (English) France About Amazon (Français) Germany About Amazon (Deutsch) Italy About Amazon (Italiano) Poland Blog (Polski) Spain About Amazon (Español) United Kingdom About Amazon (English) North America United States About Amazon (English) Did you know? Beginning in January, our front-line employees are eligible for fully funded college tuition after three months on the job. See all facts Did you know? Amazon jobs have an average starting pay of at least $18 per hour. See all facts Did you know? Amazon ranks #4 on Forbes World’s Best Employers list. See all facts Did you know? Upskilling 2025 is Amazon’s $1.2 billion investment to provide free skills training to U.S. employees over the next four years See all facts Did you know? Amazon has spent $15 billion in COVID-19-related costs to prioritize employee health and safety. See all facts Did you know? Amazon donated more than 1 million emergency supplies to communities affected by natural disasters in 2021. See all facts Did you know? Our global selling partners―the majority of which are small and medium-sized businesses―have sold 7,400 products per minute in Amazon’s store. See all facts Did you know? Amazon is the first, and only, marketplace to protect customers in third-party product liability cases. See all facts Did you know? Astro is Amazon’s new home robot that brings together advancements in AI, computer vision, sensor technology, and voice and edge computing. See all facts Did you know? Amazon is committing another $24.8 million for local affordable homes. See all facts See all facts Meet the newest small businesses coming to Amazon HQ2 in Arlington Conte’s Bike Shop, HUSTLE, South Block, and Social Burger to provide more retail, fitness, and restaurant options for the Arlington community. Read more Follow this Amazon employee&#x27;s 17-year career How machine learning and drones are helping prevent wildfires How these authors found success with Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing 2022 Thursday Night Football schedule on Prime Video announced Amazon spotlights local artists on the walls of Denver Tech Hub How Amazon employees helped a peer’s family escape the war in Ukraine Amazon VP co-authors textbook on data&nbsp;analytics Learn more Andy Jassy shares thoughts on his 25th Amazon&nbsp;anniversary Learn more Amazon announces first quarter&nbsp;results Learn more Amazon and Salvatore Ferragamo work together to fight&nbsp;counterfeiters Learn more World IP Day: Amazon celebrates global inventors and&nbsp;entrepreneurs Learn more Sign Up Job creation and investment Amazon to create 2,500 jobs at Southern California Tech Hubs Read more &nbsp; Operations Amazon donates 100 million returned items to nonprofits Read more &nbsp; Workplace His job is to celebrate pets and the parents who raise them Read more &nbsp; Company news 2021 Letter to Shareholders Read more &nbsp; Retail Prime shopping expands beyond Amazon.com Read more &nbsp; Job creation and investment Building on progress at Amazon’s HQ2 in Arlington, Virginia Read more &nbsp; Amazon to create 2,500 jobs at Southern California Tech Hubs Amazon donates 100 million returned items to nonprofits His job is to celebrate pets and the parents who raise them 2021 Letter to Shareholders Prime shopping expands beyond Amazon.com Building on progress at Amazon’s HQ2 in Arlington, Virginia Sign Up Retail Amazon Explore launches group experiences Read more &nbsp; Small business Brothers make Mr. Tortilla a success by selling on Amazon Read more &nbsp; Workplace &#x27;The opportunities are endless’: Five employees, five career paths Read more &nbsp; Community Amazon, Georgia Tech, and Pharrell Williams uplift student voices Read more &nbsp; AWS Tough customers: When startups and Amazon Web Services met Read more &nbsp; Rising Tide: The Comeback Read more &nbsp; Amazon Explore launches group experiences Brothers make Mr. Tortilla a success by selling on Amazon &#x27;The opportunities are endless’: Five employees, five career paths Amazon, Georgia Tech, and Pharrell Williams uplift student voices Tough customers: When startups and Amazon Web Services met Rising Tide: The Comeback Sign Up Operations Watch as Amazon employees learn they&#x27;re being promoted Read more &nbsp; Workplace An Amazon SVP shares sage advice for leaders and new hires alike Read more &nbsp; Workplace A rediscovered photo op reflects how Amazon promotes from within Read more &nbsp; Transportation Amazon Air leaders are sending your packages 35,000 feet up Read more &nbsp; Workplace Andy Jassy’s thoughts on Amazon’s new Leadership Principles, work-life harmony, and more Read more &nbsp; Workplace This Amazon leader has every hip-hop lover&#x27;s dream job Read more &nbsp; Watch as Amazon employees learn they&#x27;re being promoted An Amazon SVP shares sage advice for leaders and new hires alike A rediscovered photo op reflects how Amazon promotes from within Amazon Air leaders are sending your packages 35,000 feet up Andy Jassy’s thoughts on Amazon’s new Leadership Principles, work-life harmony, and more This Amazon leader has every hip-hop lover&#x27;s dream job Sign Up us Amazon News Press Center Amazon.com Investor Resources Careers Facts about Amazon Amazon.com Amazon.com Amazon.com Conditions of Use Conditions of Use Conditions of Use System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Education ||| SuisseWorks ||| Online Courses - Learn Anything, On Your Schedule | Udemy Stock up on courses from RON39.99. From coding to leadership to photography, you can learn almost anything. Ends May 25. Instructors from around the world teach millions of students on Udemy. We provide the tools and skills to teach what you love. Get unlimited access to 15,000+ of Udemy’s top courses for your team. Learn and improve skills across business, tech, design, and more. Learners around the world are launching new careers, advancing in their fields, and enriching their lives. Skip to content Categories Design Development Marketing IT and Software Personal Development Business Photography Music Design Development Marketing IT and Software Personal Development Business Photography Music Explore more topics English System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Education ||| SuisseWorks |||  Online Web Development   Programming Courses | Udemy Skip to content Categories information alert Top companies choose Udemy Business to build in-demand career skills. English System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Search engine ||| Segoe UI [x][x] roboto ||| Bing English Conectare System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  |||  Instagram System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| hi5 - Reţeaua socială unde &icirc;nt&acirc;lneşti oameni noi Conectați-vă cu Google Conectare prin Facebook sau Bărbat Femeie Făcând clic pe Înscrie-te, certifici faptul că ai citit și eşti de acord cu Termenii de utilizare a serviciului şi Politica de confidenţialitate. Făcând clic pe Înscrie-te, certifici faptul că ai citit și eşti de acord cu Termenii de utilizare a serviciului şi Politica de confidenţialitate. &copy; 2022 hi5 Inc. ਮੋਬਾਈਲ Companie Joburi Confidenţialitate Termeni Siguranță Grupuri de suport Sitemap Română Română System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| Twitter. It&#39;s what&#39;s happening. We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? Yes If you cannot enable it in your browser's preferences, you may have a better experience on our mobile site. Please enable cookies in your browser preferences before signing in. You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends. Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again? By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy. This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you. Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account. When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets the person who wrote it know you shared the love. The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly. Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in. Get instant insight into what people are talking about now. Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about. See the latest conversations about any topic instantly. Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold. Close Close Dismiss Close Close Previous Previous Previous Next Next Next Close Close Remove Remove In this conversation Verified accountProtected Tweets&nbsp;@ Verified accountProtected Tweets Verified account Verified account Protected Tweets Protected Tweets &nbsp; @ Verified accountProtected Tweets&nbsp;@ Verified accountProtected Tweets Verified account Verified account Protected Tweets Protected Tweets &nbsp; @ Verified accountProtected Tweets&nbsp;@ Verified accountProtected Tweets Verified account Verified account Protected Tweets Protected Tweets &nbsp; @ Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Under 100 characters, optional Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Remember me &middot; Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Close Next Tweet from user System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| About Twitter | Our company and priorities That’s why it matters to us that people have a free and safe space to talk. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we’ll do what’s right (not what’s easy) to serve the public conversation. By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. This page and certain other Twitter sites place and read third party cookies on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting of ads.&nbsp;Through these cookies, Google, LinkedIn and NewsCred collect personal data about you for their own purposes.&nbsp;Learn more. About That’s why it matters to us that people have a free and safe space to talk. That’s why it matters to us that people have a free and safe space to talk. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we’ll do what’s right (not what’s easy) to serve the public conversation. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we’ll do what’s right (not what’s easy) to serve the public conversation. &copy; 2022 Twitter, Inc. About System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| Twitter for Business | Twitter tips, tools, and best practices Want to create an ad? Get a link to visit the full Twitter Ads experience on desktop. Send your Twitter Ads link Want to get started with Twitter Ads? Enter your email below and we will send you a link to revisit when you are on desktop. A link has been sent to your email. It will appear in your inbox in the next few minutes. Twitter is the #1 platform for discovery1 People spend 26% more time viewing ads on Twitter than on other leading platforms2 53% of people on Twitter are more likely to be the first to buy new products3 From getting more followers to driving conversions, Twitter can help you grow your business. Broadcast your message to the largest audience possible. Drive higher brand recall and awareness with show-stopping visual content. Grow your following and build a community to amplify your message — on and off Twitter. Subscribe to our newsletter. Keep up on news, events, and product updates from Twitter Business. By subscribing you agree that we may send you marketing emails about Twitter services. You can unsubscribe anytime. Your subscribe request was submitted successfully. 1. Source: Twitter internal data 2. Source: Kantar, “News Discovery   Influence on Twitter”, Global, 2017 3. Source: OMG + Twitter, Receptivity with Neuro-Insight, October 2018; US, BR, JP By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. This page and certain other Twitter sites place and read third party cookies on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting of ads. Through these cookies, Google, LinkedIn, NewsCred and Logicad collect personal data about you for their own purposes. Learn more. Business Send your Twitter Ads link Send your Twitter Ads link Send your Twitter Ads link Want to get started with Twitter Ads? Enter your email below and we will send you a link to revisit when you are on desktop. Want to get started with Twitter Ads? Enter your email below and we will send you a link to revisit when you are on desktop. Want to get started with Twitter Ads? Enter your email below and we will send you a link to revisit when you are on desktop. Please provide a valid email address. Please make a selection from the dropdown menu. Please make a selection from the radio buttons. Our audience is influential, plugged-in and in a discovery mindset Our audience is influential, plugged-in and in a discovery mindset #1 #1 #1 #1 Twitter is the #1 platform for discovery1 Twitter is the #1 platform for discovery1 People spend 26% more time viewing ads on Twitter than on other leading platforms2 People spend 26% more time viewing ads on Twitter than on other leading platforms2 53% 53% of people on Twitter are more likely to be the first to buy new products3 53% of people on Twitter are more likely to be the first to buy new products3 I want to: I want to: I want to... Connect with what's happening in 2022 Connect with what's happening in 2022 Connect with what's happening in 2022 Connect with what's happening in 2022 Promote your Tweets Promote your video Promote your account Subscribe to our newsletter. Subscribe to our newsletter. Keep up on news, events, and product updates from Twitter Business. This field is required Please make a selection from the dropdown menu. Please make a selection from the dropdown menu. By subscribing you agree that we may send you marketing emails about Twitter services. You can unsubscribe anytime. By subscribing you agree that we may send you marketing emails about Twitter services. You can unsubscribe anytime. Your subscribe request was submitted successfully. Your subscribe request was submitted successfully. Start advertising on Twitter &copy; 2022 Twitter, Inc. Business System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| Help Center Welcome to Twitter Help Center Sign up for the latest updates about new features, helpful tips, and changes to our rules and guidelines. By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. Help Center &copy; 2022 Twitter, Inc. Help Center System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| Using Twitter Everything you need to know so you can use Twitter like a pro By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. Help Center Everything you need to know so you can use Twitter like a pro &copy; 2022 Twitter, Inc. Help Center System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| Twitter Terms of Service This version of the Terms of Service will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read the current Terms of Service. This version of the Terms of Service will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read the current Terms of Service. If you live outside the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, including if you live in the United States, the Twitter User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, the Twitter Rules and Policies, and all incorporated policies. If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the Twitter User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, the Twitter Rules and Policies, and all incorporated policies. These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-services-and-corporate-affiliates) that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with Twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. In any case, you must be at least 13 years old, or in the case of Periscope 16 years old, to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in these Terms shall refer to such entity. Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States, Ireland, and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Twitter and its affiliates. You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content. We reserve the right to remove Content that violates the User Agreement, including for example, copyright or trademark violations or other intellectual property misappropriation, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment. Information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or appealing violations can be found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-report-violation#specific-violations and https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/suspended-twitter-accounts). If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our Copyright reporting form (https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca) or contacting our designated copyright agent at: Twitter, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 Reports: https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@twitter.com You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content). By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for Twitter to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, Retweet, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by Twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. Twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant Twitter the license described above. Please review the Twitter Rules and Policies (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://www.pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Our Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, limit distribution or visibility of any Content on the service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you. In consideration for Twitter granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. You also agree not to misuse our Services, for example, by interfering with them or accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You agree that you will not work around any technical limitations in the software provided to you as part of the Services, or reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Twitter’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Twitter, its users and the public. Twitter does not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Twitter may offer certain services or features for which additional terms and conditions may apply in connection with your use of those services. By using or paying for any of these additional services, you agree to any additional terms applicable to those services, and those additional terms become part of our agreement with you. If any of the applicable additional terms conflict with these Terms, the additional terms will prevail while you are using those services to which they apply. If you use paid features of the Services, you agree to the applicable Terms for Paid Services (https://legal.twitter.com/purchaser-terms.html). If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to Twitter for Websites (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites), Twitter Cards (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/cards/overview/abouts-cards), Public API (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs), or Sign in with Twitter (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/guides/log-in-with-twitter), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the Twitter Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms. If you are a security researcher, you are required to comply with the rules of the Twitter Vulnerability Reporting Program (https://hackerone.com/twitter). The requirements set out in the preceding paragraph may not apply to those participating in Twitter’s Vulnerability Reporting Program. If you use advertising features of the Services, you must agree to our Twitter Master Services Agreement (https://ads.twitter.com/terms). You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number. Twitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and other countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Twitter name or any of the Twitter trademarks, logos, domain names, other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Twitter and its licensors. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Twitter, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. You may end your legal agreement with Twitter at any time by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. See https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/how-to-deactivate-twitter-account (and for Periscope, https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220) for instructions on how to deactivate your account and the Privacy Policy for more information on what happens to your information. We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the Twitter Rules and Policies or Periscope Community Guidelines, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to unlawful conduct, (iv) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (v) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 2, 3, 5, and 6. If you believe your account was terminated in error you can file an appeal following the steps found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended). For the avoidance of doubt, these Terms survive the deactivation or termination of your account. Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The “Twitter Entities” refers to Twitter, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE TWITTER ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. The Twitter Entities make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the Twitter Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TWITTER ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE TWITTER ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TWITTER, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE TWITTER ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms, which will always be at twitter.com/tos, will govern our relationship with you. We will try to notify you of material revisions, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. The laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law provisions, will govern these Terms and any dispute that arises between you and Twitter. All disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California, United States, and you consent to personal jurisdiction and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law). In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. Twitter’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms are an agreement between you and Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us. Effective: June 10, 2022 Archive of Previous Terms If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-services-and-corporate-affiliates) that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with Twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. In any case, you must be at least 13 years old, or in the case of Periscope 16 years old, to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in these Terms shall refer to such entity. Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States, Ireland, and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Twitter and its affiliates. You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content. We reserve the right to remove Content that violates the User Agreement, including for example, copyright or trademark violations or other intellectual property misappropriation, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment. Information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or appealing violations can be found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-report-violation#specific-violations and https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/suspended-twitter-accounts). If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our Copyright reporting form (https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca) or contacting our designated copyright agent at: Twitter, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 Reports: https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@twitter.com You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content). By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for Twitter to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, Retweet, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by Twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. Twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant Twitter the license described above. Please review the Twitter Rules and Policies (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Our Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, limit distribution or visibility of any Content on the service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you. In consideration for Twitter granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. You also agree not to misuse our Services, for example, by interfering with them or accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You agree that you will not work around any technical limitations in the software provided to you as part of the Services, or reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Twitter’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Twitter, its users and the public. Twitter does not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Twitter may offer certain services or features for which additional terms and conditions may apply in connection with your use of those services. By using or paying for any of these additional services, you agree to any additional terms applicable to those services, and those additional terms become part of our agreement with you. If any of the applicable additional terms conflict with these Terms, the additional terms will prevail while you are using those services to which they apply. If you use paid features of the Services, you agree to the applicable Terms for Paid Services (https://legal.twitter.com/en/purchaser-terms.html). If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to Twitter for Websites (https://developer.twitter.com/docs/twitter-for-websites), Twitter Cards (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/cards/overview/abouts-cards), Public API (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs), or Sign in with Twitter (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/guides/log-in-with-twitter), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the Twitter Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms. If you are a security researcher, you are required to comply with the rules of the Twitter Vulnerability Reporting Program (https://hackerone.com/twitter). The requirements set out in the preceding paragraph may not apply to those participating in Twitter’s Vulnerability Reporting Program. If you use advertising features of the Services, you must agree to our Twitter Master Services Agreement (https://ads.twitter.com/terms). You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number. Twitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and other countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Twitter name or any of the Twitter trademarks, logos, domain names, other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Twitter and its licensors. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Twitter, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. You may end your legal agreement with Twitter at any time by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. See https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/how-to-deactivate-twitter-account (and for Periscope, https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220) for instructions on how to deactivate your account and the Privacy Policy for more information on what happens to your information. We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the Twitter Rules and Policies or Periscope Community Guidelines, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to unlawful conduct, (iv) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (v) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 2, 3, 5, and 6. If you believe your account was terminated in error you can file an appeal following the steps found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended). For the avoidance of doubt, these Terms survive the deactivation or termination of your account. By using the Services you agree that Twitter, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents representatives, partners and licensors, liability is limited to the maximum extent permissible in your country of residence. We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms, which will always be at twitter.com/tos, will govern our relationship with you. Other than for changes addressing new functions or made for legal reasons, we will notify you 30 days in advance of making effective changes to these Terms that impact the rights or obligations of any party to these Terms, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. Twitter’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms are an agreement between you and Twitter International Unlimited Company (Co. number 503351, VAT number IE9803175Q), an Irish company with its registered office at One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us. Effective: June 10, 2022 Archive of Previous Terms If you live outside the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, including if you live in the United States, the Twitter User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, the Twitter Rules and Policies, and all incorporated policies If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the Twitter User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, the Twitter Rules and Policies, and all incorporated policies. If you live outside the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, including if you live in the United States These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-services-and-corporate-affiliates) that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with Twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. In any case, you must be at least 13 years old, or in the case of Periscope 16 years old, to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in these Terms shall refer to such entity. Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States, Ireland, and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Twitter and its affiliates. You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content. We reserve the right to remove Content that violates the User Agreement, including for example, copyright or trademark violations or other intellectual property misappropriation, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment. Information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or appealing violations can be found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-report-violation#specific-violations and https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/suspended-twitter-accounts). If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our Copyright reporting form (https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca) or contacting our designated copyright agent at: Twitter, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 Reports: https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@twitter.com (for content on Twitter) Twitter, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent - Periscope 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 Reports: https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@pscp.tv (for content on Periscope) You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content). By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for Twitter to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, Retweet, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by Twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. Twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant Twitter the license described above. Please review the Twitter Rules and Policies (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://www.pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Our Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, limit distribution or visibility of any Content on the service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you. Twitter may offer certain services or features for a fee; by paying for or using one of these services, you agree to any additional terms applicable to that service. In consideration for Twitter granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. You also agree not to misuse our Services, for example, by interfering with them or accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Twitter’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Twitter, its users and the public. Twitter does not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to Twitter for Websites (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites), Twitter Cards (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/cards/overview/abouts-cards), Public API (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs), or Sign in with Twitter (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/guides/log-in-with-twitter), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the Twitter Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms. If you are a security researcher, you are required to comply with the rules of the Twitter Vulnerability Reporting Program (https://hackerone.com/twitter). The requirements set out in the preceding paragraph may not apply to those participating in Twitter’s Vulnerability Reporting Program. If you use advertising features of the Services, you must agree to our Twitter Master Services Agreement (https://ads.twitter.com/terms). If you use Super Hearts, Coins, or Stars on Periscope, you must agree to our Super Hearts Terms (https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html). You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number. Twitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and other countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Twitter name or any of the Twitter trademarks, logos, domain names, other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Twitter and its licensors. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Twitter, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. You may end your legal agreement with Twitter at any time by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. See https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/how-to-deactivate-twitter-account (and for Periscope, https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220) for instructions on how to deactivate your account and the Privacy Policy for more information on what happens to your information. We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the Twitter Rules and Policies or Periscope Community Guidelines, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to unlawful conduct, (iv) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (v) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 2, 3, 5, and 6. If you believe your account was terminated in error you can file an appeal following the steps found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended). For the avoidance of doubt, these Terms survive the deactivation or termination of your account. Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The “Twitter Entities” refers to Twitter, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE TWITTER ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. The Twitter Entities make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the Twitter Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TWITTER ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE TWITTER ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TWITTER, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE TWITTER ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms, which will always be at twitter.com/tos, will govern our relationship with you. We will try to notify you of material revisions, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. The laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law provisions, will govern these Terms and any dispute that arises between you and Twitter. All disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California, United States, and you consent to personal jurisdiction and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law). In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. Twitter’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms are an agreement between you and Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us. Effective: August 19, 2021 Archive of Previous Terms If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-services-and-corporate-affiliates) that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with Twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. In any case, you must be at least 13 years old, or in the case of Periscope 16 years old, to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in these Terms shall refer to such entity. Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States, Ireland, and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Twitter and its affiliates. You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content. We reserve the right to remove Content that violates the User Agreement, including for example, copyright or trademark violations or other intellectual property misappropriation, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment. Information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or appealing violations can be found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-report-violation#specific-violations and https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/suspended-twitter-accounts). If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our Copyright reporting form (https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca) or contacting our designated copyright agent at: Twitter, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 Reports: https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@twitter.com (for content on Twitter) Twitter, Inc. Attn: Copyright Agent - Periscope 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 Reports: https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@pscp.tv (for content on Periscope) You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content). By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for Twitter to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, Retweet, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by Twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. Twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant Twitter the license described above. Please review the Twitter Rules and Policies (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Our Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, limit distribution or visibility of any Content on the service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you. Twitter may offer certain services or features for a fee; by paying for or using one of these services, you agree to any additional terms applicable to that service. In consideration for Twitter granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. You also agree not to misuse our Services, for example, by interfering with them or accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Twitter’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Twitter, its users and the public. Twitter does not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to Twitter for Websites (https://developer.twitter.com/docs/twitter-for-websites), Twitter Cards (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/cards/overview/abouts-cards), Public API (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs), or Sign in with Twitter (https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/guides/log-in-with-twitter), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the Twitter Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms. If you are a security researcher, you are required to comply with the rules of the Twitter Vulnerability Reporting Program (https://hackerone.com/twitter). The requirements set out in the preceding paragraph may not apply to those participating in Twitter’s Vulnerability Reporting Program. If you use advertising features of the Services, you must agree to our Twitter Master Services Agreement (https://ads.twitter.com/terms). If you use Super Hearts, Coins, or Stars on Periscope, you agree to our Super Hearts Terms (https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html). You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number. Twitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and other countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Twitter name or any of the Twitter trademarks, logos, domain names, other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Twitter and its licensors. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Twitter, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. You may end your legal agreement with Twitter at any time by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. See https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/how-to-deactivate-twitter-account (and for Periscope, https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220) for instructions on how to deactivate your account and the Privacy Policy for more information on what happens to your information. We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the Twitter Rules and Policies or Periscope Community Guidelines, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to unlawful conduct, (iv) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (v) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 2, 3, 5, and 6. If you believe your account was terminated in error you can file an appeal following the steps found in our Help Center (https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended). For the avoidance of doubt, these Terms survive the deactivation or termination of your account. By using the Services you agree that Twitter, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents representatives, partners and licensors, liability is limited to the maximum extent permissible in your country of residence. We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms, which will always be at twitter.com/tos, will govern our relationship with you. Other than for changes addressing new functions or made for legal reasons, we will notify you 30 days in advance of making effective changes to these Terms that impact the rights or obligations of any party to these Terms, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. Twitter’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms are an agreement between you and Twitter International Company (Co. number 503351, VAT number IE9803175Q), an Irish company with its registered office at One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us. Effective: August 19, 2021 Archive of Previous Terms Terms of Service This version of the Terms of Service will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read the current Terms of Service. This version of the Terms of Service will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read the current Terms of Service. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &copy; 2022 Twitter, Inc. System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Social media network |||  ||| Twitter Privacy Policy This version of the policy will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read current policy. This version of the policy will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read current policy. It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable   searchable We collect some data about you Learn what we collect   how Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience Learn how to update your settings If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable   searchable We collect some data about you Learn what we collect   how Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience Learn how to update your settings If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Purchase and payments. To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here. Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers, mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates, and other services you link to your Twitter account. You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us. Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings, which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: With the general public. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings, and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: With partners. Depending on your settings, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center. You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy   Safety settings. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content   integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter. You can read more about search visibility here. Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take Control Expand dropdowns for more information: You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings. You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here. You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here. On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing. And no, we don’t sell your personal information. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter, Inc. with an address of: Twitter, Inc. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form. If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. We require certain information to provide our services to you. For example, you must have an account in order to upload or share content on Twitter. When you choose to share the information below with us, we collect and use it to operate our services. Expand dropdowns for more information: You don’t have to create an account to use some of our service features, such as searching and viewing public Twitter profiles or watching a broadcast on Periscope’s website. If you do choose to create an account, you must provide us with some personal data so that we can provide our services to you. On Twitter this includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”), a username (for example, @TwitterMoments), a password, and an email address or phone number. Your display name and username are always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. If you choose to create a professional account, you must also provide us with your professional category, and may provide us with additional information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. You can also create and manage multiple Twitter accounts1, for example to express different parts of your identity. Most activity on Twitter is public, including your profile information2, your display language, when you created your account, and your Tweets and certain information about your Tweets like the date, time, and application and version of Twitter you Tweeted from. You also may choose to publish your location in your Tweets or your Twitter profile. When you share audio or visual content on our service we may analyze that data to operate our services, for example by providing audio transcription. The lists you create, people you follow and who follow you, and Tweets you Like or Retweet are also public. If you like, Retweet, reply, or otherwise publicly engage with an ad on our services, that advertiser might thereby learn information about you associated with the ad with which you engaged such as characteristics of the audience the ad was intended to reach. Broadcasts (including Twitter Spaces) you create are public along with when you created them. Your engagement with broadcasts, including viewing, listening, commenting, speaking, reacting to, or otherwise participating in them, either on Periscope (subject to your settings) or on Twitter, is public along with when you took those actions. On Periscope, so are your hearts, comments, the number of hearts you’ve received, which accounts you are a Superfan of, and whether you watched a broadcast live or on replay. Any engagement with another account’s broadcast will remain part of that broadcast for as long as it remains on our services. Information posted about you by other people who use our services may also be public. For example, other people may tag you in a photo3 (if your settings allow) or mention you in a Tweet. You are responsible for your Tweets and other information you provide through our services, and you should think carefully about what you make public, especially if it is sensitive information. If you update your public information on Twitter, such as by deleting a Tweet or deactivating your account, we will reflect your updated content on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. By publicly posting content, you are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible, including through our APIs, and directing those accessing the information through our APIs to do the same. To facilitate the fast global dissemination of Tweets to people around the world, we use technology like application programming interfaces (APIs) and embeds to make that information available to websites, apps, and others for their use - for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this data can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com. We use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to authenticate your account and keep it - and our services - secure, and to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse. Subject to your settings, we also use contact information to enable certain account features (for example, for login verification), to send you information about our services, and to personalize our services, including ads. If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from Twitter to that number as your country’s laws allow. Twitter also uses your contact information to market to you as your country’s laws allow, and to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. You can use your settings for email and mobile notifications to control notifications you receive from Twitter. You can also unsubscribe from a notification by following the instructions contained within the notification or here. You can choose to upload and sync your address book on Twitter so that we can help you find and connect with people you know and help others find and connect with you. We also use this information to better recommend content to you and others. You can sign up for Periscope with an account from another service like Twitter, Google, or Facebook, or connect your Periscope account to these other services. If you do, we will use information from that service, including your email address, friends, or contacts list, to recommend other accounts or content to you or to recommend your account or content to others. You can control whether your Periscope account is discoverable by email through your Periscope settings. If you email us, we will keep the content of your message, your email address, and your contact information to respond to your request. We provide certain features that let you communicate more privately or control who sees your content. For example, you can use Direct Messages to have non-public conversations on Twitter, protect your Tweets, or host private broadcasts on Periscope. When you communicate with others by sending or receiving Direct Messages, we will store and process your communications and information related to them. This includes link scanning for malicious content, link shortening to http://t.co URLs, detection of spam4, abuse and prohibited images, and use of reported issues. We also use information about whom you have communicated with and when (but not the content of those communications) to better understand the use of our services, to protect the safety and integrity of our platform, and to show more relevant content. We share the content of your Direct Messages with the people you’ve sent them to; we do not use them to serve you ads. Note that if you interact in a way that would ordinarily be public with Twitter content shared with you via Direct Message, for instance by liking a Tweet, those interactions will be public. When you use features like Direct Messages to communicate, remember that recipients have their own copy5 of your communications on Twitter - even if you delete your copy of those messages from your account - which they may duplicate, store, or re-share. You may provide us with payment information6, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address, in order to purchase advertising or other offerings provided as part of our services. If you make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made or when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew. Your Privacy and safety settings let you decide: We receive certain information when you use our services or other websites or mobile applications that include our content, and from third parties including advertisers. Like the information you share with us, we use the data below to operate our services. Expand dropdowns for more information: We require information about your signup and current location, which we get from signals such as your IP address or device settings, to securely and reliably set up and maintain your account and to provide our services to you. Subject to your settings, we may collect, use, and store additional information about your location - such as your current precise position or places where you’ve previously used Twitter - to operate or personalize our services including with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow. Learn more about Twitter’s use of location here, and how to set your Twitter location preferences here. Learn more about how to share your location in Periscope broadcasts here. In order to operate our services, we keep track of how you interact with links across our services. This includes links in emails we send you and links in Tweets that appear on other websites or mobile applications. If you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter or Periscope, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach. They may also collect other personal data from you, such as cookie identifiers or your IP address. A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our services such as searching and looking at public profiles. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, many browsers’ settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer7. However, some of our services may not function properly if you disable cookies. When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security, personalizing the content we show you including ads, and remembering your language preferences. We do not support the Do Not Track browser option. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here. We receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our services, which we refer to as “Log Data,” even if you have not created an account. For example, when you visit our websites, sign into our services, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third-party service, or visit a third-party service that includes Twitter content, we may receive information about you. This Log Data includes information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms (including those not submitted as queries), and cookie information. We also receive Log Data when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. We use Log Data to operate our services and ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. For example, we use Log Data to protect the security of accounts and to determine what content is popular on our services. We also use this data to improve the content we show you, including ads and to improve the effectiveness of our own marketing. We use information you provide to us and data we receive, including Log Data and data from third parties, to make inferences like what topics you may be interested in, how old you are, and what languages you speak. This helps us better promote and design our services for you and personalize the content we show you, including ads. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive Log Data that includes the web page you visited. We use this information to better understand the use of our services, to protect the safety and integrity of our platform, and to show more relevant content, including ads. We do not associate this web browsing history with your name, email address, phone number, or username, and we delete, obfuscate, or aggregate it after no longer than 30 days. We do not collect this data from browsers that we believe to be located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or EFTA States. Advertising revenue allows us to support and improve our services. We use the information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you, to measure its effectiveness, and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Our ad partners and affiliates share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, mobile device IDs, hashed email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives about you described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info. In addition, our ads policies prohibit advertisers from targeting ads based on categories that we consider sensitive or are prohibited by law, such as race, religion, politics, sex life, or health. Learn more about your privacy options for interest-based ads here and about how ads work on our services here. If you are an advertiser or a prospective advertiser, we process your personal data to help offer and provide our advertising services. You can update your data in your Twitter Ads dashboard or by contacting us directly as described in this Privacy Policy. If you access our APIs or developer portal, we process your personal data to help provide our services. You can update your data by contacting us directly as described in this Privacy Policy. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as others on Twitter, partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates, and other services you link to your Twitter account. You may choose to connect your Twitter account to accounts on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. We use the information we receive to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. For integrations that Twitter formally supports, you may revoke this permission at any time from your application settings; for other integrations, please visit the other service you have connected to Twitter. When you log into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account for purposes such as authentication, security, and personalization. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to log into Twitter (or associate your logged-out device or browser with other browsers or devices). When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. We do this to operate and personalize our services. For example, if you visit websites with sports content on your laptop, we may show you sports-related ads on Twitter for Android and, if the email address associated with your account shares components with another email address, such as shared first name, last name, or initials, we may later match advertisements to you from advertisers that were trying to reach email addresses containing those components. Your Twitter Personalization and data settings let you decide: You can use Your Twitter data to review: We also provide a version of these tools on Twitter if you don’t have a Twitter account, or if you’re logged out of your account. This lets you see the data and settings for the logged out browser or device you are using, separate from any Twitter account that uses that browser or device. On Periscope, you can control whether we personalize your experience based on your watch history through your settings. Please see here for more details of how we collect and use your data As noted above, Twitter is designed to broadly and instantly disseminate information you share publicly through our services. In the limited circumstances where we disclose your private personal data, we do so subject to your control, because it’s important for operating our services, or because it’s required by law. Expand dropdowns for more information: We share or disclose your personal data with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from these partners, they may receive and process your personal data as described in their privacy policies. If you do not want this content to play automatically, you can adjust your autoplay settings. If you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, keep in mind that the information may be shared with the third-party service. Subject to your settings, we also provide certain third parties with personal data to help us offer or operate our services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center, and you can control whether Twitter shares your personal data in this way by using the “Allow additional information sharing with business partners” option in your Personalization and Data settings. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy, such as when we share data with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in our Help Center.) We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services for us in the United States, Ireland, and other countries. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help operate our services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand the use of our services, such as Google Analytics. We may share your private personal data with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions (service providers may use other non-personal data for their own benefit). We share your payment information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit and debit cards. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or controls we may otherwise offer to you, we may preserve, use, share, or disclose your personal data or other safety data if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services, or to explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services8; to address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of those who use our services. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your personal data. In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your personal data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal data as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose personal data about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help operate our services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads. We share or disclose non-personal data, such as aggregated information like the total number of times people engaged with a Tweet, demographics, the number of people who clicked on a particular link or voted on a poll in a Tweet (even if only one did), the topics that people are Tweeting about in a particular location, some inferred interests, or reports to advertisers about how many people saw or clicked on their ads. You control the personal data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. You can also deactivate your account. We also provide you tools to object, restrict, or withdraw consent where applicable for the use of data you have provided to Twitter. And we make the data you shared through our services portable and provide easy ways for you to contact us. Please note, to help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with deletion, portability, or other related requests. Expand dropdowns for more information: If you have registered an account on Twitter, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal data you provided to us and associated with your account. You can download certain account information, including your Tweets, by following the instructions here. On Periscope, you can request correction, deletion, or modification of your personal data, and download your account information, by following the instructions here. You can learn more about the interests we have inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy (Additional Information or Assistance). We may require you to provide additional information for verification. We keep Log Data for a maximum of 18 months. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your profile information and public Tweets, even after you have deleted the information from our services or deactivated your account. Learn more here. When you are logged into your Twitter account, you can manage your privacy settings and other account features here at any time. It may take a short amount of time for privacy settings to be fully reflected throughout our systems. Twitter provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by following the steps here. Periscope provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by following the steps here. Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please let us know by contacting us here or writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter, Inc. with an address of: Twitter, Inc. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Company, with an address of: Twitter International Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer here. If you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission. You can find their contact details here. Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). You must be at least 16 years of age to use Periscope. To bring you our services, we operate globally. Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data in the United States, Ireland, and any other country where we operate. In some of the countries to which we transfer personal data, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those of your country. Twitter does not sell your personal data as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Learn more about our global operations and data transfer here. When we transfer personal data outside of the European Union, EFTA States, Brazil, or the United Kingdom, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws and/or contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data (where we rely on the EU standard contractual clauses these may be requested by inquiry as described below). Twitter, Inc. complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles (the “Principles”) regarding the collection, use, sharing, and retention of personal data from the European Union, EFTA States, and the United Kingdom as described in our EU-US Privacy Shield certification and Swiss-US Privacy Shield certification. We do not rely on the EU-US or Swiss-US Privacy Shield as our lawful basis to transfer personal data from the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, however. If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us here. As part of our participation in Privacy Shield, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the independent dispute resolution body JAMS, and under certain conditions, through the Privacy Shield arbitration process. Privacy Shield participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom to third parties outside the EU, EFTA States, and the United Kingdom. Learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield here. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at https://twitter.com/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you within Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, or Twitter for Android, via a Twitter owned and operated Twitter account (for example @TwitterSupport), or by sending an email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 1. The many sides of you. Let your imagination run free. Explore your interests with a number of different identities. 2. Hello, World. Your profile information is displayed under your photo and username on your profile page. 3. Keep a low profile. Friends want to tag you in a photo? Lucky you. If you're not into that sort of thing, you can always change your settings. 4. Spam stinks. We scan your Direct Messages to try and prevent spam for you and our service. 5. Just like email. Only send Direct Messages to people you trust. Remember, even though someone can’t Retweet your Direct Messages, they still have a copy of your message. 6. Approved by you. We use your payment information to process transactions you’ve approved and for fraud detection. 7. Not hungry? You can change your cookie settings in your web browser. 8. Transparency matters. We remove content from our services when it violates our rules, like if it glorifies violence. When that content is gone, we want you to know. 9. You’re in control. Even as Twitter evolves, you can always change your privacy settings. The power is yours to choose what you share in the world. Privacy Policy This version of the policy will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read current policy. This version of the policy will take effect on June 10, 2022. Read current policy. Twitter is a public platform We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies We use your data to make Twitter better You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Twitter is a public platform We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies We use your data to make Twitter better You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask &nbsp; 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). 2. How We Use Information &nbsp; 3. Sharing Information &nbsp; 4. How Long We Keep Information 5. Take Control 6. Your Rights and Ours 7. Twitter’s Audience 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy &nbsp; 9. How To Contact Twitter &nbsp; We require certain information to provide our services to you. For example, you must have an account in order to upload or share content on Twitter. When you choose to share the information below with us, we collect and use it to operate our services. Expand dropdowns for more information: We receive certain information when you use our services or other websites or mobile applications that include our content, and from third parties including advertisers. Like the information you share with us, we use the data below to operate our services. Expand dropdowns for more information: As noted above, Twitter is designed to broadly and instantly disseminate information you share publicly through our services. In the limited circumstances where we disclose your private personal data, we do so subject to your control, because it’s important for operating our services, or because it’s required by law. Expand dropdowns for more information: We share or disclose your personal data with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from these partners, they may receive and process your personal data as described in their privacy policies. If you do not want this content to play automatically, you can adjust your autoplay settings. If you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, keep in mind that the information may be shared with the third-party service. Subject to your settings, we also provide certain third parties with personal data to help us offer or operate our services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center, and you can control whether Twitter shares your personal data in this way by using the “Allow additional information sharing with business partners” option in your Personalization and Data settings. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy, such as when we share data with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in our Help Center.) You control the personal data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. You can also deactivate your account. We also provide you tools to object, restrict, or withdraw consent where applicable for the use of data you have provided to Twitter. And we make the data you shared through our services portable and provide easy ways for you to contact us. Please note, to help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with deletion, portability, or other related requests. Expand dropdowns for more information: Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). You must be at least 16 years of age to use Periscope. To bring you our services, we operate globally. Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data in the United States, Ireland, and any other country where we operate. In some of the countries to which we transfer personal data, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those of your country. Twitter does not sell your personal data as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Learn more about our global operations and data transfer here. When we transfer personal data outside of the European Union, EFTA States, Brazil, or the United Kingdom, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws and/or contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data (where we rely on the EU standard contractual clauses these may be requested by inquiry as described below). Twitter, Inc. complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles (the “Principles”) regarding the collection, use, sharing, and retention of personal data from the European Union, EFTA States, and the United Kingdom as described in our EU-US Privacy Shield certification and Swiss-US Privacy Shield certification. We do not rely on the EU-US or Swiss-US Privacy Shield as our lawful basis to transfer personal data from the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, however. If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us here. As part of our participation in Privacy Shield, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the independent dispute resolution body JAMS, and under certain conditions, through the Privacy Shield arbitration process. Privacy Shield participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom to third parties outside the EU, EFTA States, and the United Kingdom. Learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield here. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at https://twitter.com/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you within Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, or Twitter for Android, via a Twitter owned and operated Twitter account (for example @TwitterSupport), or by sending an email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. &copy; 2022 Twitter, Inc. System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
Education ||| SuisseWorks ||| Become a Certified Web Developer: Web Developer Certification | Udemy Completely Updated for 2020 with 40 NEW lectures, course guides, and coding activities. Complete coverage of ES6!&nbsp; &nbsp; Learn What It Takes to Code Dynamic, Professional Websites and Web Apps From The Comfort of Your Own Home&nbsp; Do you ever browse the internet wondering how your favorite websites were built? Facebook, Twitter, Amazon—they were all created by people who at one point in time didn’t know anything about coding. How did they obtain this knowledge?&nbsp; In this comprehensive course, I’m going to show you everything you need to know so that you can follow in these people’s footsteps.&nbsp; You’re going to learn how to code AND you’re going to become a certified professional from a recognized international trainer. And best of all, you’re going to have fun doing it.&nbsp; You Don’t Have to Be a Genius or a Mathematical Wizard.&nbsp; So many people believe that you must have a special ‘gift’ to create professional-quality, dynamic websites/web apps. I’m here to tell you once and for all that this is false. All you need to have is the desire to learn and the ability to follow instructions—that’s it!&nbsp; Our course starts teaching basic coding principles and develops your coding skills in a variety of languages from beginner through to advanced. Here it is, once and for all, a complete guide that will take you from novice to web developer.&nbsp; Skip Hours of Frustration and Thousands of Wasted Dollars and Become 100% Certified&nbsp; The internet has changed the rules of doing business. More and more companies are migrating online while many new, never before seen businesses are created every day thanks to the power of this phenomenon. You know what that means? Higher demand for people just like you!&nbsp; But the problem for these businesses is that while demand is high, supply is short.&nbsp; Please don’t let a lack of knowledge stop you from having the career of your dreams, not when the knowledge you need is right here and is extremely affordable.&nbsp; Don’t worry, you won’t need to buy any additional courses, it’s all here. No need to spend four years and over $15,000 per year in college tuition either—it really is all here. From HTML to CSS then to Javascript and finally PHP, you will learn how to Become a Certified Web Developer.&nbsp; It Doesn’t Matter Where You’re Starting From...You Can Do It!&nbsp; Maybe:&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;● You’re planning on studying coding at college and want to build a rock-solid foundation so that you have a huge head start before your course begins?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;● You’re dissatisfied with your current job and want to learn exactly what it takes to become a fully qualified web developer?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;● You’re currently working in IT but want to expand your skill base so that you’re 100% up to date with the latest developments in web technology?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;● You want to develop mobile apps or websites on the side to create some additional income while retaining your current job?&nbsp; Learn Skills That Will Benefit You for The Rest of Your Life&nbsp; - Imagine being able to create a web app that is downloaded by millions of paying customers—or a website that’s visited by people from all seven continents.&nbsp; - Imagine the limitless opportunities that having these programming skills will give you.&nbsp; - Imagine working in a field that challenges you and allows you to express yourself freely every day.&nbsp; - Imagine being paid extremely well for developing products and services that can help change people’s lives.&nbsp; Stop imagining and take action! It’s time to start your journey. Your future is waiting for you...&nbsp; Four Certifications in OneThe unique Certified Web Development Professional credential will provide proof that you have mastered the fundamental skills needed by new web developers. You'll have a full understanding of HTML5, the language used to structure web sites and many mobile applications that you use every day. From there, you'll move on to Javascript-- the language of interaction on the web. The use of Javascript is growing at a lightning pace and it's been called "the most important language to learn today," by multiple experts. Each language carries its own individual Specialist Designation for which you earn a certificate, the privilege of using the specialist credential badge, and a personal online transcript page that shows your designations, certification, and accomplishments. Prepare for Valuable Industry CertificationsThis course is specially designed to prepare you for the&nbsp; Web Development Professional Certification from LearnToProgram, Inc. This certification will allow you to prove that you have achieved competencies in HTML, CSS, Javascript, and PHP/MySQL-- everything you need to create basic web applications. New for 2019:&nbsp; No exams are required to earn your certifications.&nbsp; Complete and submit all the lab activities for the course program and you'll earn your new certifications! Certified Web Developers will receive:&nbsp; A printable certificate indicating your new certification that you can present to employers or prospects A letter explaining the certification and its value to a prospective employer. The letter will state exactly what mastery the certification represents Authorization to use the LearnToProgram Certified Web Developer Badge on your website and marketing materials Automatic linkage to your LinkedIn account to display your certification Tech Learning Network is a streaming video network that teaches digital skills such as web development, graphic design, and digital productivity.&nbsp; We believe that education should be accessible to all.&nbsp; You can find Tech Learning Network content on Udemy, our website and throughout online video world. The Tech Learning Network specializes in teaching accessible technical skills to people just getting started in technical careers including web development, digital design, and other career paths enabled by technology. Mark Lassoff 's parents frequently claim that Mark was born to be a programmer. &nbsp;Starting, in the mid-eighties at age 11, Mark was hard at work on his Commodore 64 writing games in the BASIC language. &nbsp;After completing a computer science degree, Mark developed software for several well-known internet startups during the initial internet boom of the mid 1990’s. &nbsp;Five years ago Mark parlayed a two decades of software development experience into his latest entrepreneurial venture, LearnToProgram Media. LearnToProgram Media publishes online courses that teach mobile, web, and game development. Over 500,000 people have learned programming from Mark through online classes he has either authored or published. In addition to publishing popular courses and books LearnToProgram Media operates an internet video network which produces several programs on software development. Previously Mark founded PowerPlant Marketing, which created marketing automation software for REALTORS™. &nbsp;After the sale of PowerPlant, Mark went on to found Internet Broadcasting Group which counted among it’s launch clients Nike, Blue Moon Brewing Company and Opubco. Mark lives in Connecticut and speaks worldwide on software development, entrepreneurship and online learning. &nbsp;He has spoken at TechWeek NY, TechWeek LA, and SXSW, among other large conferences. &nbsp;In his spare time he he enjoys aviation, mentoring new business owners and spending time with life-long friends and family. Skip to content Categories Preview this course Preview this course Rating: 4.4 out of 54.4 Rating: 4.4 out of 5 4.4 (2,496 ratings) Created by Tech Learning Network, Mark Lassoff Created by Tech Learning Network Mark Lassoff Last updated 11/2020 English [Auto] Prepare for Industry Certification Exam Earn Certification that is Proof of your Competence Hours and Hours of Video Instruction Dozens of Code Examples to Download and Study Over 25 Engaging Lab Exercises All Lab Solutions Instructor Available by Email or on the Forums All Free Tools Comprehensive Coverage of HTML and CSS Client Side Programming with Javascript Server Side Development with PHP Learn Database Development with mySQL Show moreShow less Show more Show less Show moreShow less Show more Show less Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Rating: 4.5 out of 5 2 years ago Show moreShow less Show more Show less Show moreShow less Show more Show less Show moreShow less Show more Show less Top companies choose Udemy Business to build in-demand career skills. English System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
News/media ||| Roboto [x][x] Material Icons Extended [x][x] Google Sans [x][x] Roboto [x][x] var [x][x] Google Sans Text [x][x] Roboto [x][x] Material Icons Extended [x][x] Google Material Icons [x][x] Product Sans [x][x] Google Sans [x][x] Google Sans Display [x][x] Google Sans [x][x] arial [x][x] Product Sans ||| Google News News News Headlines More Headlines COVID-19 news: See the latest coverage of the coronavirus bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Opinion bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert View Full Coverage View Full Coverage keyboard_arrow_up bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Opinion bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert View Full Coverage View Full Coverage keyboard_arrow_up bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert View Full Coverage View Full Coverage keyboard_arrow_up bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Opinion bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Opinion bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Opinion bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert View Full Coverage View Full Coverage keyboard_arrow_up bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Opinion bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert View Full Coverage View Full Coverage keyboard_arrow_up bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Local coverage bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert View Full Coverage View Full Coverage keyboard_arrow_up bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share A Forever Oceans enclosure near Panama. Photographer: Will Griffith bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Opinion bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert bookmark_border share share Opinion bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share bookmark_border share share more_vert more_vert Respiratory syncytial virus Respiratory syncytial virus Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Eagles Cincinnati Bengals Cincinnati Bengals Unidentified flying object Unidentified flying object James Bradberry James Bradberry Atlanta Braves Atlanta Braves Milwaukee Brewers Milwaukee Brewers Grubhub Grubhub New York Giants New York Giants Pacific-12 Conference Pacific-12 Conference Top stories For you For you Following Following Saved searches Saved searches COVID-19 U.S. World Your local news Business Technology Entertainment Sports Science Health Language   regionEnglish (United States) Language   region Settings Settings Get the Android app Get the iOS app Send feedback Send feedback Help System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
News/media ||| sans [x][x] monospace [x][x] courier new [x][x] CNN [x][x] CNN Condensed [x][x] CNN Clock [x][x] DIN Condensed [x][x] STYLE [x][x] CNN Business [x][x] CNN Travel [x][x] cnn [x][x] Georgia [x][x] inherit [x][x] Arial ||| CNN International - Breaking News, US News, World News and Video Audio Audio Edition Follow CNN Audio Audio Follow CNN © 2022 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™   © 2016 Cable News Network. System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
News/media ||| cnn [x][x] sans [x][x] CNN [x][x] CNNPolitics [x][x] CNNBusiness ||| Live updates: Russia&#x27;s war in Ukraine By Helen Regan, Jack Guy, Matias Grez, Adrienne Vogt and Veronica Rocha, CNN US President Joe Biden, Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson and Finnish President Sauli Niinistö are delivering remarks in the Rose Garden after they met in the Cabinet Room of the White House on Thursday. White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters on Wednesday that the meeting will allow the three nations "to coordinate on the path forward" and "compare notes" on their NATO membership applications. Sweden and Finland's bids to join NATO come in response to Russia's war on Ukraine, which sparked security concerns across the region. Their bids to join the alliance mark a dramatic evolution in European security and geopolitics. From CNN's Sean Lyngaas Pro-Russia online operatives falsely claimed weeks into Moscow’s war against Ukraine that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky had committed suicide, as part of an aggressive effort to dent public morale and undermine the Ukrainian government, US cybersecurity firm Mandiant said Thursday. The false Zelensky suicide claim is just one of several information operations tracked by Mandiant from suspected Russian and Belarusian actors that were aimed at deceiving audiences in Ukraine, Russia and elsewhere in Europe – or at least muddling the truth about the brutal war. The influence campaigns, analysts say, underscore how the Kremlin is committed as ever to information warfare and efforts to shape perceptions of the conflict even as its soldiers suffer heavy losses on the battlefield. In another case, Belarus-linked operatives falsely asserted that a Polish crime ring was harvesting the organs of Ukrainian refugees, with the complicity of Polish officials. Mandiant did not directly point the finger at the Russian government for the fake Zelenksy suicide narrative but described the activity as a “suspected Russian influence campaign.” For decades and dating back to Soviet times, disinformation and other so-called “active measures” have been a key part of Russia’s foreign policy strategy, according to scholars. CNN has requested comment from the Russian Embassy in Washington and the Belarusian Foreign Ministry on the Mandiant research. Read the full story here: From CNN's Katharina Krebs and Radina Gigova in London The Pechersk District Court of Kyiv has granted permission for the arrest of former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, according to a statement published by the Ukrainian Prosecutor General's Office on Telegram on Thursday. The court chose a measure of restraint in the form of detention of the former president, who is suspected of organizing illegal smuggling of people across the state border of Ukraine, according to the statement. It is not clear where Yanukovych currently resides. The prosecutor's office said Thursday he had fled to the Russian city of Anapa. In March, Ukrainian state news agency Ukrinform quoted media reports that claimed Yanukovych was in Minsk, Belarus. Yanukovych served as president of Ukraine from 2010 until 2014, when he was removed from office during the Maidan protests. The protests erupted after Yanukovych rejected the Ukrainian-European Association Agreement, which would bring Ukraine closer to the European Union and further away from Russia. From CNN’s Sarah Dean and Benjamin Brown in London British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky spoke Thursday, discussing military support and global food security, a Downing Street spokesperson said in a statement. “The leaders discussed progress in negotiations and agreed to step up work with allies, including the US, France and Germany, to define the longer-term security architecture for Ukraine,” the spokesperson said. In the call with Zelensky, Johnson raised concerns “about the growing global fallout from Russia’s illegal invasion and President Putin’s craven and reckless blockade of Ukraine’s Black Sea ports, including rising food prices in developing countries,” according to the statement. Earlier Thursday, the World Food Programme Executive Director David Beasley said that a "failure to open the ports will be a declaration of war on global food security," bringing millions of people to the brink of starvation. Johnson “set out the support flowing to Ukraine’s defence, including long-range artillery, shore-to-ship missiles and unmanned drones,” following the UK’s decision to provide an additional 1.3 billion euros in military support to Ukraine earlier this month. From CNN's Tim Lister in Lviv A senior military official in Ukraine said that "measures to evacuate the Ukrainian military from Mariupol continue," as Russia claimed more than 1,700 Ukrainian soldiers have surrendered from the Azovstal plant since Monday. Addressing the media in Kyiv, Brigadier General Oleksii Gromov said that "in the Mariupol direction, the intensity of hostilities has been reduced. At this time, measures are continuing to evacuate our heroes" from the Azovstal plant. Several hundred soldiers are still thought to be inside the plant. The Ukrainian government has said little about the evacuation process since it began on Monday. Gromov addressed whether the lives of those soldiers who had been evacuated to Russian-controlled territory were at risk. Russia has said that the prisoners will be treated in accordance with international law, but the government's investigative committee has said that its staff "as part of the investigation of criminal cases by the Ukrainian regime against the civilian population of Donbas, will interrogate the surrendered militants who were hiding at the Azovstal plant in Mariupol." CNN is unable to confirm the Russian tally of those it said had surrendered. Ukraine said earlier this week that the "combat mission" had ended at the complex, which was for weeks the last major holdout in a city otherwise occupied by Russian troops. From CNN's Sam Fossum US President Joe Biden welcomed Finnish President Sauli Niinistö and Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson to the White House on Thursday, after the leaders of both Nordic nations submitted NATO applications. Sweden and Finland’s bids to join NATO come in response to Russia’s war on Ukraine, which sparked security concerns across the region. Their moves to join the alliance mark a dramatic evolution in European security and geopolitics. The leaders are scheduled to hold a meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House and will later deliver remarks from the Rose Garden. White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters on Wednesday that the meeting with the leaders in Washington will allow the three nations “to coordinate on the path forward” and “compare notes” on the move. Sullivan called Finland and Sweden's applications to join the alliance "a watershed moment in European security." CNN's Meagan Vazquez contributed reporting to this post. From CNN's Anastasia Graham Yooll and Katherina Krebs in London The trial of a Russian soldier accused of killing an unarmed man in Ukraine — the first such trial since the Russian invasion began — has adjourned until Friday 11 a.m. local time. The judges adjourned the trial saying that the soldier, Vadim Shishimarin, was not "ready" for a court "debate." The 21-year-old soldier pleaded guilty Wednesday to shooting an unarmed 62-year-old civilian in Ukraine’s Sumy region on the fourth day of the war. The prosecution team earlier asked for a life sentence for the soldier. From CNN's Julia Kesaieva and Tim Lister Ukrainian officials have spoken about a rising incidence of armed resistance in Russian-occupied parts of southern Ukraine. On Thursday, Oleksiy Arestovych, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky, said that sabotage by the Resistance Movement in Melitopol had resulted in the derailing of a Russian armored train. Melitopol has been occupied by the Russians since early March. Arestovych claimed that railroad cars carrying personnel and ammunition overturned, detonating the ammunition. Ivan Fedorov, the elected mayor of Melitopol, gave a similar account on Thursday. Fedorov is currently not in Melitopol. According to unofficial accounts from the area, the train consisted of 10 wagons, and railway tracks were damaged, the armored train was stopped, and a locomotive with 10 fuel tanks that was following the armored train was also stopped. Separately, the Zaporizhzhia regional administration noted Thursday that "the Russian military does not allow railroad workers to be involved in track maintenance but continues heavy use of the railway. Such negligence plus actions of the Resistance Movement in Melitopol resulted a Russian armored train being derailed." Arestovych indicated that the sabotage was not an isolated incident. "According to the available information, two high ranked Russian officers were eliminated," he said. On Wednesday, the Zaporizhzhia military administration also said the guerrilla movement in Melitopol had "eliminated two Russian military servicemen of high rank. The occupiers are trying to conceal this situation. But today the occupiers have been searching private transport especially thoroughly, apparently looking for partisans." CNN cannot independently confirm the attacks on the train or the Russian officers. Arestovych also said that "leaflets are being disseminated all over" in occupied areas, In recent days, graphic posters depicting Russian soldiers being killed by partisans have begun to appear in occupied parts of Zaporizhzhia and Kherson. It's unclear how widespread they are. From CNN’s Celine Alkhaldi and Yusuf Gezer Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Thursday his country “will say no to Sweden’s and Finland’s entry into NATO,” reiterating the same stance he took last week. “NATO is a security organization and we cannot accept the presence of terrorists organizations in there,” he said. Earlier this week Erdogan accused both countries of housing Kurdish “terrorist organizations." Erdogan was mainly referencing the Kurdistan Worker's Party (PKK) which seeks an independent state in Turkey. The group has been in an armed struggle with Ankara for decades and has been designated a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. Finland and Sweden have a Kurdish community, although Erdogan provided no detail as to whom he was referring. Both Nordic countries formally applied to join NATO on Wednesday, a decision prompted by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Please enable JavaScript for a better experience. Audio Audio Edition Follow CNN Live Updates Updated Sort by 1 min ago 25 min ago 40 min ago 52 min ago 1 hr 12 min ago 59 min ago 1 hr 28 min ago 1 hr 58 min ago 1 hr 55 min ago Audio Audio Follow CNN © 2022 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™   © 2016 Cable News Network. System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] System.Linq.Enumerable+WhereSelectListIterator`2[HtmlAgilityPack.HtmlNode,System.String] 
